                        

Item #:  SCP-2238

Object Class:  Safe Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation personnel are to monitor all local television broadcasts at all times. If an SCP-2238-A instance is reported to have occurred, Foundation personnel are to record said instance for the purpose of record keeping. Additionally, all civilians involved1 will be detained by Foundation personnel and released if they are found to have no involvement with the SCP-2238 phenomenon and are to undergo Class-A amnestics.

Screen shot of SCP-2238-A-14

Description:  SCP-2238 is the official designation of an anomalous phenomenon primarily affecting television broadcast stations in the Southern United States, manifesting itself as a series of historical documentaries within the affected area. This phenomenon affects specific time slots within the affected region by 'hijacking' local TV transmitters through a currently unknown method.

The main broadcast intrusion occurs during the airing of historical documentaries. The types of documentary that SCP-2238 affects are primarily made by European or American filmmakers, specifically those that focus on the First and Second World War, although it has been reported that SCP-2238 will affect others that do not fall into this category.

During an intrusion, SCP-2238 will play a similar documentary to the one being interrupted. This documentary, now known as SCP-2238-A, will have several deviations from the original, such as different events, different historians, and actors used in the documentary.3

The first reported SCP-2238 event was on 5-12-1992, when a civilian reported to a local broadcasting service about the inaccuracies of the documentary Napoleon: Man Of Power4 in [REDACTED], Alabama. The documentary discusses the effects of Napoleon Bonaparte's annexation of Russia and over a majority of the Eurasian continent.

Addendum-2238.1 

Foundation scientists and analysts have compiled a full timeline of events from all twenty-two instances of SCP-2238-A.

Timeline

AccessGranted

Year 
Events 

1812
Invasion of Russia by Napoleon I, ending in its annexation. The war of 1812 begins.

1813
Napoleon III is installed as the new Czar of Russia. Closer diplomatic ties between the US government and the new French Empire occur. The Peninsular War ends one year earlier in a French victory.

1814
France becomes involved in a war against Great Britain. A three year famine occurs in Russia due to an early winter, creating more resentment against the French-installed Russian government. In the same year, the formation of the Party of Russian Nationalists occurs.

1815
War of 1812 ends with a US/French victory. Most of the former British Empire is split between the US and France. US annexes Canada, causing it to control most of the fur trade.

1816-1820
The US government begins encouraging its citizens to settle Canada. Napoleon I begins conquering most of mainland Europe, dismantling their governments in favor of Pro-French ones. The French government start to kill Russian nationalists and those for an independent Russia.

1821
The French Empire collapses due to the death of Napoleon I via assassination by nationalists during his first visit to Russia. A revolution, referred to as the 'Russian Upheaval' occurs. Napoleon III is killed and replaced with a descendant of Czar Alexander.

1822-1850
Most of Northern and Western Europe experiences a 'dark age' due to significant in-fighting between various factions following the death of Napoleon I. Central and Eastern Europe are divided between pro and anti-French forces, primarily ending in anti-French victory, further deteriorating the already fracturing French Empire. Southern Europe was primarily affected by this, as the lack of major Austrian and French interference in the region allowed radicals and Italian Nationalists to gain power. A new Russian government is created, this time with a system similar to a constitutional democracy. Along the same time, Great Britain experiences great social unrest, with several riots and attempted revolutions.

1850-1865
A new government is finally established in France, this time under the control of a Queen known as Abella I, the daughter of an anti-Napoleon general. She re-establishes centralized authority in the mainland of France, creating a dictatorial police state, killing dissenters and radicals. The American Civil War does not change from the original timeline.

1866-1911
Abella I regains control over most of the pre-1812 territorial borders, excluding The Duchy of Warsaw, but her state continues to suffer from radicalism and independence movements. The Russian government undergoes another revolution, this time by Russian communists under the control of Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky. Revolution ends in 1910, with a Communist victory.

1912
The House of Commons of Great Britain is attacked by radical communists via improvised explosives. Over a hundred Members of Parliament are killed in the explosion, resulting in a temporary suspension of constitutional rights and annual elections. During this time, the new Communist government, now calling itself the Soviet Union, annexes most of the Eastern European states not under French influence.

1913
The creation of the Allied Powers, an alliance between The US, Great Britain, Austrian and the French government. Its creation was due to the recent territorial expansion from the Soviet government of most of Eastern Europe.

1914-1924
This time period, known as the 'Great War', was a war between the Soviet government and the Allied powers. It began after the assassination of Vladimir Lenin, with Leon Trotsky declaring possible French involvement in Lenin's assassination. By 1914, a small border skirmish between the client state of the Rhine Confederation and the Soviet Union lead to another war. The US, UK and Austria, honoring their agreement with the French, declared war on the Soviets. Following heavy causalities on both sides, the Soviet Union capitulated in 1924 after a victory near what is now modern day Warsaw. The Treaty of Berlin stated that the The Soviet Union would give up most of its territorial gains after 1912, replaced with either French client states or independent countries. In addition, the Soviet Union is forced to pay reparations, either in Gold or Oil.

1929
An event known as the 'Great Depression' began, causing an economic crash. Due to this event, Abella II (Then Queen of France), desperate for economic wealth, convenes for an update to the Treaty of Berlin with the Allied Powers, to the exclusion of the Soviet Union. Austria and Great Britain refused to update the Treaty without the inclusion of the Soviet Union, while the US remained officially neutral, still wary over another possible war. Despite repeated claims from the Soviet government that they had sent diplomats to Berlin to discuss updating the Treaty, they never arrived, with evidence suggesting a possible French intervention. Abella II, frustrated with this diplomatic dysfunction, began mobilizing her forces along the Soviet borders, despite objections from her military advisers.

1930
Austria and the UK, wishing to avoid another Great War, attempt to persuade the US to intervene, believing that, with a possible four front war, the French Empire would back down from their threats. The US, still wary of war and suffering from the Great Depression, refused, and remained neutral in the conflict.

1930-1945
Abella II, citing a belief in the supremacy of the French Empire and the inherent necessity of curtailing further attempts at Soviet expansionism, declares war against the Soviet Union. The Second World War, between 1931 and 1937, is at a constant stalemate. There is no full invasion of either country until the US enters the war against the French. In 1939, a full invasion of France begins with the help of the Soviet Union, Great Britain and Austria. It ends in 1945, with the invasion of Paris, destroying most of the city.

1946
Year of the creation of the United Nations, with the Soviet Union, the US, Austria and Great Britain as the major leaders of the Nations.

Little information is known about this world post 1946.

Addendum-2238.2 

On 1-23-2000, SCP-2238 affected the city of [REDACTED], Louisiana, broadcasting a documentary entitled How They Hid In The DarknessGlobal Occult Coalition, specifically on an event that occurred 12-21-1991. It also focuses on how the Foundation adapts to a scenario.

Due to an error in the Binah Pattern Recognition System6, the Foundation accidentally attacked a GOC base, ending in the death of over 3,000 GOC personnel. This event escalated tensions between the Foundation and the Coalition, causing an event called the 'GOC-Foundation War' that lasted three years.

The contents of the documentary includes footage of Foundation agents locating, capturing, and containing several anomalous objects and entities. It includes interviews with Foundation personnel and sapient entities, including an interview with O5-12. The following is an incomplete list of incidents, objects, personnel, and members of GoIs that appear in the documentary:

SCP-1892 (Containment)
SCP-1938 (Containment)
SCP-044 (Recovery)
SCP-2453 (Containment)
[REDACTED] (Interview)
Dr. Mann (Interview)
D-2134122 (Interview)
O5-12 (Interview)
SCP-2273 (Interview)
Member of 7 (Interview)
Object referred to as 'SCP-████'8 (Containment)
9 (Footage)
Footage of O5-1, O5-2, O5-6, O5-7, and O5-12 during their first meeting (Circa 1912)
SCP-████10

Following this incident, the entire county of [REDACTED] was given Class-A amnestics over the course of five days, the elimination of all recordings of SCP-2238-A-23, and the detainment of over ████ staff members involved in the film11. All personnel involved with How They Hid In The Darkness deny any involvement with the documentary.

Addendum-2238.3 

The following is a series of transcripts from the documentary How They Hid In The Darkness.

Granted

.

 Survivor of Site-43 raid.
附加记录：    

 Civilian Protectorates, Paris, France.
附加记录：    

 Foundation General Kennedy.
附加记录：    

 Gamers Against Weed member, survivor of Moscow bombing.
附加记录：    

 Private of the Foundation air force.
附加记录：    

 Safe Zone Brazil resident.
附加记录：    

 O5-14 on the disbandment of the Ethics Committee.
附加记录：    

 Dr Mann on the use of SCP-008 for biological warfare.
附加记录：    

 Coalition Soldier, Veteran of the Raid on Site-19.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Observed, recorded, or had any interaction with an instance of SCP-2238-A
2. If said documentary includes dramatization
3. It is currently unknown how many unrecorded instances of SCP-2238-A there are, some estimates going as far as into the thousands while more conservative estimates go into the hundreds.
4. SCP-2238-A-19
5. SCP-2238-A-23
6. There was no B.P.R.S failure on this specific date.
7. Also known as 'Gamers Against Weed'
8. This item has yet to be discovered.
9. No information on this event exists in Foundation records.
10. Documentary claimed that SCP-████ had been eliminated via [REDACTED] methods. Methods of execution for SCP-████ are still pending approval from the O5 council.
11. All released due to a lack of evidence of involvement.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  levi.png

Author:  Cyantreuse

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki

Derivative of: 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Name:  Tehran Conference, 1943.jpg

Author:  N/A

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Sep 2020 04:38
            
            Edit
+130)
Tags
Discuss (32)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

