                        

Item #:  SCP-PL-126

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-PL-126 is to be kept within a closed room which has been adapted to the dimensions of item to cary out testing and maintenance procedures.

The right hand of SCP-PL-126 must be concealed within a container constructed of damage-resistant material. This container may only be opened if permission has been granted by personnel of Level 5 Security Clearance. Unauthorized personnel who access SCP-PL-126 will be strictly reprimanded.

By order of the 16.10.2016 project lead, SCP-PL-126 was transported to Dimensional Containment Area 02, where it currently remains in containment.

Personnel requirements:  According to the ordinance of the project lead (Ordinance number 13-05H2 from October 12, 2016) strict requirements have been introduced regarding the access of individual personnel to specific elements of the object. Information gathered from the date of the ordinance and selected data from before the mentioned date are available only to the personnel with level 5 clearance, or if necessary to the selected personnel with level 4 clearance. At the same time, only the above-mentioned personnel are authorized to interfere in SCP-PL-126-1 and conduct research on it. Personnel with level 3 clearance are authorized to access specified part of the following document and may conduct/perform research on the structure and operation of SCP-PL-126.

Description:  SCP-PL-126 is a sculpture resembling a well-built human male with a muscular posture, wearing attire similar to a mid-20th century worker. The figure is presented with proportions of 2:1 relative to the usual size of a man. In SCP-PL-126's left hand it holds a massive blacksmith hammer, while the right is placed in a welcoming gesture. Analysis showed no irregularities in the statue's composition. SCP-PL-126 is composed of material characterized by unusual hardness, reaching 7.4 points on the Mohs scale, despite the fact that it physically resembles a gray marble. The statue is placed on a cubic plinth constructed from the same material, with a side length of 90 centimeters [cm]; on the plinth was carved a phrase ).

Touching the right hand of the SCP-PL-126 allows it to teleport the person who touched it to a dimension designated as SCP-PL-126-1 (reality Epsilon-Gamma-11). The teleportation occurs suddenly, and is accompanied by a sound similar to high pressure air being blown out and a short flash of bright white-colored light. Thermal analysis showed no change in object or environment temperature. The flash spreads to maximum of 3 meters, after which the light rapidly loses brightness.

The teleportation destination are empty ruins of a building with an unknown function in which an object identical to SCP-PL-126 is located. Return to our world occurs by the same means as the teleportation to the mentioned alternate reality. The teleportation takes place only in the case of direct physical contact of the human individual with the right hand of the sculpture, teleportation of objects is possible even in the case of bulky objects, the only condition is the direct contact of the person with the teleported object. It should be taken into account that after teleportation, the person and possible object will be in the same position relative to the sculpture as it was in the initial position.

SCP-PL-126-1 is an alternate universe nearly identical to our own reality. Alternate Earth is characterized by the existence of the only one state entity called the  in which the main ideology is communist doctrine.

Society characteristics:  Society inhabiting SCP-PL-126-1 is characterized by many unusual features. It seems that no person pays any attention to basic relationships and family values, quite the opposite , are obtained as payment, with which all necessary items and food is purchased. An interesting fact is that citizens apparently do not benefit from having an excessive amount of the goods, in the case of surplus they give them to people with deficiency or to special collection points.

The concept of trade is not used. Trade of goods is based on free delivery to designated points and between different places in the world. Due to the lack of interest in profit and non-use of means of payment, many branches of the economy, transport and technology have developed. It is estimated that Earth in SCP-PL-126-1 is 30 years ahead of our society, although technology is mostly focused around the manufacturing and mining industries. It is worth mentioning that the international language is the form of Russian with slight grammatical and lexical changes.1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The information obtained so far indicates that in 2001 according to the calendar of SCP-PL-126-13

The precursor of the  a man unknown by name who caused the revolution and of which he was an active member, and probably the leader.

 due to his significant role in the Epsilon-Gamma-11 has been designated as SCP-PL-126-2. Physically he is portrayed as a well-built, muscular, short-cut, wearing a worker's outfit. The attributes of this personage are often a sickle and a hammer or a massive red banner, which are the standard symbols of communism.

SCP-PL-126-2 is the personification of an ideal worker, which is to be emphasized by his outfit and presenting him as an active person working together with the people.  is depicted on many posters and monuments, usually in proud positions or showing activities at work, as well as typically propaganda — reaching out to another person, presenting his attributes.

According to propaganda  and constantly builds his legend based on work, perseverance and the desire for the good of the whole society from the point of view of a simple worker. Nevertheless, the citizens themselves are not behind the propaganda campaign and it itself is apparently controlled by unknown entities. The Foundation's position and effective concealment of essential facts in Epsilon-Gamma-11 did not allow establishing the source of propaganda activities and entities responsible for them, their existence is practically not excluded.

Particularly noteworthy is the fact that all depictions of  show only simple sketches of his face.

Addendum:  According to the project lead's ordinance, it was decided that the Foundation's interference in the Epsilon-Gamma-11 society should be limited to the necessary minimum due to the research value of observing a self-developing society.

Footnotes
1. The following excerpt comes from  available as a whole to personnel with clearance level 3+.
2. The Gregorian calendar system
3. Detailed information is included in . Access by permission of the SCP-PL-126 project lead
4. Org. 

[Sectionclearance]

Clearanceconfirmed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The reality of Epsilon-Gamma-11, also known as the . It's true. Any attempt to implement this ideology cannot end well. People will never give away hard-earned goods to others, they will not give up their families or objects to which they are attached. This is part of our existence and cannot be removed in any way.

In the case of Epsilon-Gamma-11 we have something negating the words written above. People do not look at who is who for whom, they are all comrades, they work for the benefit of all humanity for remuneration reminiscent of combat rations. Hard work isn't rewarded, but there is no such thing as laziness. Work is the most important part of these people's lives. They don't care about how what and where. The most important thing is for everyone to be well. Nobody wants or has time for arguments, jealousy, war. Peace and prosperity prevailing everywhere on the alternative globe pleases the eye but at the same time gives food for thought. How?

The Great Revolution is where it all began. We probably will never find out what happened at that time, it looks like someone deliberately removed all facts from history, leaving only the typical propaganda praise and  of effects. The character of mister Gospodin appears immediately. With his legend, he even eclipsed Lenin's fame, because he brought communism around the world with positive results. A mysterious person, at the same time popular so much that everyone wants to meet him. Gospodin works together with the society, but that's all. We only know that he works. Where? Not known. And oddly enough, nobody cares about it. Gospodin visits people, crowds cheering him can be compared to the Pope's well-known visits to some place. However, there are more followers in this case. Gospodin is almost a deity in his dimension, people think of him as a god, even though they are all atheists. It is interesting that despite public information about that man's visits to a given region, the agents located there did not report any major clusters or anything that could indicate the arrival of the greatest of the workers.

At the same time, mister Gospodin is a perfect example of a propaganda figure, his depictions are almost comical, reminiscent of posters in Soviet Russia. People take them almost painfully seriously.

The society itself is strange, this word is most appropriate. It seems, despite the clearly shown case, that what takes place in Epsilon-Gamma-11 is impossible, unnatural, people would never do something like that out of their own will. And it looks like they don't.

People seem happy, they don't care about what is happening around them, they are busy working and preserving the good of the whole society. Agents after many observations with actor's precision blended into the crowd. What they saw exceeded our expectations.

These people are not happy.

Despite the smiles on their faces and the satisfaction that accompanies everyone, many times agents have reported noticing strange behaviors. It started when one of the workers who did well above the norm went to pick up his rations. At the point of delivery of goods after receiving some food and other items he shed a tear. It looked at least strange and disturbing. A person satisfied with life with a smile on his face begins to sob. It is worth mentioning that this man had no hand. He lost it during work.

Similar cases were more and more noticeable. Agents after a while felt like in a psychiatric hospital or in an action of forbidden horror. Father-son relations the same as friend-friend. Mindless looking at how mother copulates with three men at the same time  the common good. These living human-shaped shells hide souls tortured with inability to take any action. It sometimes seemed to hear screams and moans calling for help. These people do not do it out of their own free will. They are mindless zombies with suppressed and enslaved consciousness, like in hell on Earth. How it's possible?

Gospodin.

How did one person achieve this? It seems impossible. Because it is impossible. Months of research, observation, conclusions, nerves. All this was not in vain. We have discovered the truth hidden from the enslaved society that overflows the hellish goblet full of bitterness of human suffering. Gospodin is not a human being.

So, what is hidden behind the name of ? It is not a human. Neither a group of people. Not small at all. But that's also not it. The truth is really shocking.

Gospodin is a space station.

We don't know who or when built it. We don't know anything about it. Our Gospodin is, however, an extraordinary technological achievement. Powered by a very efficient energy source unknown to us. But this is not the most important thing. Gospodin covers the whole planet with strange radiation, it resembles microwaves but their structure and properties are not fully understood. The station brainwashed all innocent inhabitants of the planet, only in this way managed to achieve a Utopian society. At the same time, we also know what happened to America. We know that this is a synonym of the enemy of communism, during the Cold War nemesis. America was bombed with so much charge that only the archipelago flooded with water remained. What charge? We don't know. It doesn't look like a nuclear bombardment, there are no signs of radiation or indirect effects like the expected huge cloud of dust covering the Earth. This is our . Probably the origin from another reality plays its role here. We sent a Class-D in there, he was to stay in the UESR until he was completely enslaved. After 19 days we lost him. We know how long we can afford to be in this fucked up world.

There is another interesting thing. There are no anomalies in this world. How do we know that? We found our facilities. Probably the history of this world was covered with ours by the time, except for the construction of Gospodin. The anomalous objects have disappeared, nothing left. The facilities themselves are deserted. Probably our alternative versions are now working in some steelworks or mine. We brought some instances of SCP-PL-009 for testing. Immediately after teleportation, the creatures froze and fell to dust. Literally. We repeated it with other objects that could be destroyed without losses, we borrowed a little from the English, from the French, from the Germans. Everything ended the same way. Probably the radiation somehow destroys these anomalies. The one who created Gospodin is insane and painfully brilliant. At the same time, they know perfectly well about anomalies and how to destroy them. They thus brought utopia on Earth. However, one thing remains a mystery: why the counterpart of SCP-PL-126 was not destroyed? It is possible that the object is not actually an anomaly but it works using the laws of physics to the limit, or it is intentionally avoided. But why? And it is also unknown why the object is in ruins. Is this really an alternative Area 02? The building plan and location do not correspond to this claim. This remains a mystery so far. Another fact is worrying. We have been working in the UESR for almost two years. We met Gospodin 8 months ago.

Week ago it started moving.

Study:

Doctor B.  PL-126 project lead, level 5.

Secure. Contain. Protect.
附加记录：    
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Item #:  SCP-PL-126

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-PL-126 is to be contained in a closed room adapted to the dimensions of the object. Right hand of the object must be covered using container made from material resistant to damage. This container can be opened only with a permission from personnel with level 5 clearance.

Expeditions sent to the Epsilon-Gamma-11 dimension (hereafter SCP-PL-126-1) may only be carried out by appropriate personnel. Level 4 Class-E is currently the only authorized assignment that can be sent to long-distance missions in SCP-PL-126-1. Recruitment of personnel is carried out in accordance with the guidelines contained in Ordinance 11 from 14.10.2016 (as amended) also containing the basic duties and prohibitions of personnel sent to the above-mentioned localization. Class-D personnel may be sent to the dimension only as test subjects; testers must be under constant escort of sent agents or possible security officers.

It is recommended that a single person will stay in SCP-PL-126-1 for no more than 12 days without a break. After leaving the dimension, the person must undergo 20 days reconvalescence to completely eliminate the negative impact of being in the dimension.

It is strictly prohibited to make contact with people inhabiting SCP-PL-126-1 for no apparent reason.

Object SCP-PL-126-2 due to its properties must undergo constant observations. Potential threat resulting from the existence of the object is limited by it being inside reality Epsilon-Gamma-11 (SCP-PL-126-1), because of this the dimension was practically considered as a way to secure and contain the object.

Description:  SCP-PL-126 is a sculpture resembling man with well-build, muscular posture, wearing standard outfit of a mid-20th century worker. The figure is presented in proportions 2:1 relative to the usual size of a man, in its left hand it holds a massive blacksmith hammer, while the right is pulled out in a welcoming gesture. The analysis showed no irregularities in the statue's composition. Building material is characterized by unusual hardness, reaching 7.4 points on the Mohs scale, despite the fact that it physically resembles a gray marble. The statue is placed on a cubic plinth constructed from the same material, with a side length of 90 centimeters [cm]; on the plinth was carved a phrase ).

By touching the right hand of the statue, the object is able to teleport the person to the dimension designated as SCP-PL-126-1 (reality Epsilon-Gamma-11). This place is an alternate universe nearly identical to our own reality. Alternate Earth is characterized by the existence of the only one state entity called the  in which the main ideology is communist doctrine.[1]

The teleportation destination has been developed by the Foundation. It currently functions as the Inter-Dimensional Provisional Research Area 02-β (Area 02-β). The alternative version of SCP-PL-126 found there does not show any differences in the structure or operation. For the alternative version, Special Containment Procedures weren't used, although it is located in a separate room. Area 02-β is located about 6 kilometers [km] from the nearest inhabited agglomeration. Residents of the alternative dimension seem to be in no way interested in the Foundation's activities.

SCP-PL-126-1 was originally probably identical to our Earth. According to the obtained information, in the alternative year 2001 an event called the  took place [2]

The precursor of the . Nevertheless, the citizens themselves are not behind the propaganda campaign and it itself is apparently controlled by unknown entities. The Foundation's position and effective concealment of essential facts in Epsilon-Gamma-11 did not allow establishing the source of propaganda activities and entities responsible for them, their existence is practically not excluded.

Precise studies and observations carried out in the Epsilon-Gamma-11 dimension allowed the establishment of the real existence of SCP-PL-126-2.  is a name used by an object with the character of an artificial satellite functioning as a space station. The object is located approximately 3420 kilometers [km] from the Earth's surface. Exact dimensions are unknown, preliminary research determined the shape of the object as a torus-shaped formation arranged vertically relative to its width relative to the position of the Earth, the size is estimated at about 800 kilometers [km] in length and 200 kilometers [km] in width. The structure of the object perfectly reflects sunlight, reflections can be observed in appropriate conditions. Most likely, the object is made of metallic material and its outer coating is extremely smooth. The station does not move or rotate.

The part of the station turned to Earth is equipped with many frame-like structures. The size of these objects is measured in hundreds of meters, the largest structure extends 3 kilometers from the surface of SCP-PL-126-2. These structures are not neutral. They function as antennas that continuously emit characteristic electromagnetic radiation called Zeta [ζ] rays/waves. The radiation is emitted at a constant frequency of 130 gigahertz [GHz], in many aspects reminiscent of microwaves. Unlike these, Zeta waves are impossible to block or weaken their beam. The very existence of this radiation contradicts the previously known rules of physics, their influence should destroy larger organisms on the Earth's surface, while all attempts to obtain waves in laboratory conditions ended in failure on basic activities and theory contrary to generally accepted. It is speculated that there may be different laws of physics in the Epsilon-Gamma-11 so that this radiation can occur. The methods developed so far allow indirect but effective detection and measurement of waves. People from among research staff working on SCP-PL-126-2 who were able to detect and test Zeta radiation were highly awarded.

The basic property of the radiation is its impact on the human mind in terms of body and thought self-control. Zeta waves have apparently been tuned in a way that every inhabitant of the alternative Earth treated with them loses their free will and begins to behave and lead a lifestyle completely in line with the assumptions of communist ideology. Radiation does not completely affect individual units. It seems that a small part of the person's will is not affected by Zeta waves. Such a person retains the remains of their will, however, they cannot make decisions and perform practical activities. Psychologists working on the SCP-PL-126 project agree on the theory that the majority, if not all residents, suffer from hidden depressive states and similar psychiatric conditions resulting in passive observation of a world devoid of basic ethics as well as justice and natural family and social factors.

Zeta rays are most likely emitted since the  about 15 years. Such a long period of time had extremely negative effects on the brain structures of the inhabitants of the alternate Earth. Experiments involving the abduction and dragging of random people into our reality caused a progressive decline of brain cells over time and an unnaturally increased susceptibility to cancer of it. All acquired people have died so far. A different situation applies to people from our reality traveling to SCP-PL-126-1. Such people seem to be more resistant to the effects of Zeta rays. Experiments carried out on Class-D employees allowed to determine a period of about 19 days, which is the time after which a given individual will be exposed to harmful waves at almost 99%. If they are carried out back to our reality in a short time, reconvalescence will take place without the harmful effects, such as that on alternative Earthlings.

Zeta radiation affects objects that show anomalous properties. This fact solves the mystery of the complete absence of any abnormal objects/phenomena on Earth in Epsilon-Gamma-11. To date, the mechanism of this has not been known in a way that allows even a minimal recognition of the principle of the process. Any matter having properties defined as anomalous after treatment with Zeta radiation within a few minutes will lose all properties, while the effect itself is destructive to the object in a manner proportional to it being a deviation from normality. In extreme cases, the objects are destabilized at the molecular level. Sapient object treated with waves seem to suffer intense physical pain. The use of Zeta waves to neutralize potentially dangerous anomalies is the subject of many discussions, although the biggest obstacle is the threat associated with the conditions and method of teleporting units between the containment chamber and Area 02-β.

It is speculated that the Zeta radiation has the ability to detect the factors responsible for the anomalous properties of objects that are treated with waves. The anti-anomalous properties of the radiation has also been put forward as evidence of the existence of a basic factor occurring in the universe enabling manifestations of effects contrary to naturalness, commonly known as the . Nevertheless, all speculation is purely theoretical, and not based in practice. The very existence of Zeta radiation also comes into play, because they themselves can be considered as an anomalous phenomenon having a destructive effect on other anomalies.

Particularly noteworthy is SCP-PL-126 located in the alternate universe. Just like the object contained by the Foundation it cannot be examined under the direction of the abnormality mechanism for obvious, often trivial reasons, the operation of the alternative version of the sculpture is also disputed. The statue is not exposed to Zeta radiation, despite being under its effect all the time. Research staff cannot answer the question of how the object works, it is possible that  somehow deliberately ignores the alternative SCP-PL-126 or the sculpture itself cannot be defined as anomalous, which is the most likely solution. Unfortunately, this fact cannot be left without action. It is possible that SCP-PL-126 in an unknown way, colloquially speaking, bends the laws of physics to the very limit without breaking them. At the same time, the object itself can not be considered an anomaly. [4]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Since June 12, 2017, for the first time since the Foundation's interference SCP-PL-126-2 made a movement. The object is constantly moving at an estimated speed of about 5 kilometers per hour [km/h] which, on a cosmic scale, is a relatively slow speed. Nevertheless, the object does not change speed and constantly heads to one specific point. As the observations have shown, the object is approaching rectilinearly to a position corresponding to the geographical location of Area 02-β. The object should enter the Earth's thermosphere in a simple to calculate period of about 20 days and 14 hours. It is not known what effects bringing the object closer to the Earth will bring, but due to the speed at which it moves it will not cause too much damage. It is also unknown why the object began to move. The possible contact of station staff with Foundation employees present in the location is being speculated.

There is also another possibility that SCP-PL-126 may be used by the station so it can easily penetrate our reality. The expansion of  can almost certainly end in activities similar to those that took place in Epsilon-Gamma-11, which will result in the ZK-0G6-λ class end-of-the-world scenario. At the moment, no defensive action can be taken because no effective methods of blocking Zeta radiation have been developed so far. Pursuant to the O5 Council ordinance, personnel were ordered to wait for contact with SCP-PL-126-2. In the event of an explicit threat of a ZK-0G6-λ class scenario, the possibility of SCP-PL-126 being destroyed is considered. However, it is not known whether the remains would still have anomalous properties.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Addendum:  Interview of a kidnapped person subjected to the reconvalescence.

Interviewed:  Ludmiła Jankowa, Epsilon-Gamma-11 inhabitant, employee of a larger production plant.

Interviewer:  Dr. B█████████

Foreword:  The patient was obtained exactly 19 days and 3 hours from the beginning of the interview. The prognosis of the interviewed is very unfavorable  the brain has been damaged to the extent that it prevents further functioning of the body. The patient is capable of unclear speech, she is paralyzed from the neck down and blind. Medical personnel estimate the death within the next 10 hours.

 

Dr. B█████████:  Hello, would you like to talk for a moment?

L.J.:  Of course. No problem (slight smile)

Dr. B█████████:  Could you describe how you feel?

L.J.:  Sir I feel great.

Dr. B█████████:  I admit, I am surprised by this answer. Could you elaborate?

L.J.:  I don't remember the last time I felt so good. Actually, I don't remember much it's indescribable.

Dr. B█████████:  Maybe we will try?

L.J.:  I remember what was happening

Dr. B█████████:  Unfortunately, I can't be dishonest the prognosis is very bad. After pulling you out of the radiation influence, the brain began to die, destroy itself. You are dying.

L.J.:  I know. But, I'm happy.

Dr. B█████████:  I really like your positive character. Could you explain?

L.J.:  You see sir, we live every day in a world full of duties, worries, argues and other heh, it's my birthday (smiling).

Dr. B█████████:  Happy birthday then! You really are an extremely strong person. I am sorry that you must spend this moment in such a state

L.J.:  But sir, I got a present. I got it again. We all receive it. It's easy to lose it, but we also forget about it. People fight for it for generations. This is a very precious thing. But thanks to you, I have it again.

Dr. B█████████:  So, what is it?

L.J.:  It's freedom, sir.

 

Note:  The patient died one hour after the interview.
附加记录：    

Bibliography
Culture of Epsilon-Gamma 11. Research report. W. 12,88; 2016
2. Dr. B. The Great Revolution 17,93; 2016 ww. L
3. Master Engineer D. Jabłoński, Dr. B Gospodin  2016
4. Dr. Matthew Nine SCP-PL-126 physically  2017

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Sep 2020 14:25
            
            Edit
+14)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Maegica Wiki
                      
              Maegica Order In Chaos Online
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Isocentre Archive
                      
              Where ideas intersect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Virtual World Interoperability
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dyslexia Connection
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

