                        

SCP-969-34

Item #:  SCP-969

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-969 are to be kept in Containment Locker 19-969. All personnel are to be issued information annually on the appearance of SCP-969 instances. Personnel encountering an instance of SCP-969 are to retrieve it through preferably legal means.

Description:  SCP-969 is a brand of packet insect repellent apparently distributed by █████ Corporation. There are no legal or online records of any █████ Corporation. SCP-969 is typically found on the shelves of various convenience stores mainly in the United States and Canada.1 Instances of SCP-969 will appear on store shelving and records with preset pricing. Store workers show no memory of adding SCP-969 to their inventory.

SCP-969's packaging claims that approximately 19% of SCP-969 is composed of an unknown chemical labeled ████. The labeling seems to imply that ████ is the active ingredient of SCP-969. Researchers have isolated all other chemicals in SCP-969 but have been unable to identify ████, lending credence to its role as the active ingredient of SCP-969's effects. Given the anomalous properties of SCP-969, it is suspected that ████ may not be an isomer of its corresponding chemicals in SCP-969, as the packaging claims.

Instructions for the application of SCP-969 are on the other side of SCP-969's packaging:

DIRECTIONS FOR USE: 

It is a violation of Federal Law to use this product in a manner inconsistent with its labeling.2

Read all directions before using this product. 

To repel insects, rub on exposed skin areas. Use just enough repellent to cover exposed skin. Do not use under clothing. Do not apply to face or ears. Repeat as needed.

Frequent application and saturation is unnecessary for effectiveness. Avoid overexposure. Wipe hands after use. After returning indoors, wash treated skin with soap and water. Avoid contact with plastics, acetate, spandex, and rayon.
附加记录：    

Use of SCP-969 in the recommended manner results in no anomalous effects, although researchers note a greater efficacy of use of SCP-969 over other brands.

Use of SCP-969 in a manner not recommended by the packaging results in several anomalous effects.

Recommendation not followed
Immediate Effect
Chronic or Lasting Effect

SCP-969 applied to unexposed skin under clothing
Clothing appears to be repelled from skin of subject, expanding outwards
None3

SCP-969 applied to face
Irritation in line with regular effects of insect repellents
Face of subject is found mainly unattractive, regardless of physical change

SCP-969 applied to ears
Loud buzzing noise heard by subject
Hearing degradation and eventual deafness

Frequent application resulting in overexposure
Extreme alienation by subject of all observers
Depression

Hands not wiped after use
Expressed struggle of holding onto several objects
Inability to grasp or handle any object with hands

Applied indoors / Not washed off indoors
Observers show tendency to avoid contact with shelter of subject
Condemnation of shelter

SCP-969 applied to any plastic overcoat
Overcoat began contracting. Subject was unable to escape overcoat. Death of subject.
Overcoat remained contracted.

Addendum 969-1: 
==LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE REQUIRED==

Unauthorizedreprimand

-

SCP-969 given to child
Subject immediately began to experience growth until subject became young adult
Bodily maturity but mental immaturity

Addendum 969-2:  Incident 969-1:

Following repeated use of SCP-969, several federal vehicles were seen approaching Site-██. Security forces were deployed and all federal agents were successfully captured. When interviewed, the agents claimed that they had received orders to arrest several substance abusers at the Site-██ location. So far the source of the orders has not been identified. Agents were administered a Class-A amnestic and returned to ███ Headquarters.

Footnotes
1. Instances of SCP-969 have also been discovered in the United Kingdom, South Africa, and Australia, however their frequency of appearance is relatively minor.
2. While there are laws surrounding the use of insect repellents, there are no laws regarding █████ Corporation or ████.
3. Effect wears off after approximately 5 hours

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Apr 2020 21:45
            
            Edit
+153)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP繁體中文沙盒
                      
              發現，發掘，發佈
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Field Work
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            OpenD6
                      
              The OpenD6 System Reference Document
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            क्षत्रिय राजपूत इतिहास
                      
              क्षत्रिय राजपूत
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

