                        

The page was marked for deletion; however, because certain pages on the site depend on knowledge of this article—usually tales or supplements—it has been retained. The following story makes reference to this page:

Island Story

For more information on Archived SCPs, please check out the Archived Pages hub.
附加记录：    

Item #:  SCP-494

Object Class:  Safe/Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Although SCP-494 is immobile and emits no radiation, full-body HAZMAT suits must be worn by personnel attempting to remove it from its holding facility. SCP-494 must be stored in a 0.1cm is to be placed atop the container as a means of containing the object's effects.

Description:  SCP-494 is an oblong torus 7.6 centimetres long which appears to be suspended in some sort of unknown blue-green liquid or gel (designated SCP-494-A). The viscosity of the liquid can and will change drastically without notice. SCP-494 itself appears to be made of limestone, and is dyed with ochre to form crude line patterns. SCP-494 appears to float in mid-air, in defiance of the laws of gravity. The ochre dye glows at random intervals; the cause of this effect is unknown. During a period of glowing, the liquid will begin to gel, and the surface will form into complex patterns based on ripples.

Some Foundation employees believe SCP-494 to be a device to communicate with another plane of reality, but the hypothesis cannot be proved in any way currently practical, or, indeed, known. It has, to date, caused a number of anomalies to occur, even while completely contained. For more info on these anomalies, see Addendum 494-A below.

SCP-494 was recovered by Foundation agents in Samoa, following up a report of an anomalous cavern structure; the investigation was somewhat hampered by the unexpected removal of the investigating Foundation archaeological team. However, SCP-494 was eventually sighted by the sole remaining team member, Agent [REDACTED], and immediately contained by Foundation personnel.

Addendum 494-A:  Anomalies

494's anomalous behaviour includes, but may not be limited to, the following:

- On ██/██/████, the ochre dye was observed emitting a blue light, rather than its usual red. During the blue period, the walls of the containment vessel began to emit SCP-494-A, and continued until the containment vessel was entirely full. Rippling patterns resumed as usual.

- On a number of occasions since SCP-494's containment, at an average interval of a month (there is no defined pattern other than this), a hologram or similar projection has manifested inside the containment cell. The hologram has, on all occasions, been very blurred and in the shape of a humanoid-looking figure, wearing bangles, beads, frills, and what may be shells of some description, and has never emitted any sound. It usually dissipates after fifteen minutes of roaming near the object, during which time it appears to assume a 'guard' stance.

- On ██/██/████, two hovering lights - one blue, one red - appeared while three Level-1 personnel were transporting SCP-494 to a suitable laboratory at Site-[REDACTED] for analysis (for analysis result consults Addendum 494-B). One employee reported hearing 'the sound of ocean waves' and assumed a kneeling position, another exhibited xenoglossy with overtones of distress, while the third wept; the tears of the third member of staff were later found to be SCP-494-A (significantly, the third employee was the only one continually in contact with the object during the period of impairment). The period of impairment ended after approximately fifteen minutes, with the disappearance of the anomalous lights and the return of the employees in question to a near-nominal mental state. All three were immediately examined by medical staff; however, given the lack of conclusions drawn from the examination, and the priority of SCP-494's analysis, the three staff members were allowed to continue transporting SCP-494 to its destination.

- Objects in the immediate vicinity of SCP-494's containment vessel have been disturbed such that their absolute mass increases for roughly fifteen minutes with no apparent cause. In some cases, indentations have also been observed on the top surfaces of the objects, leading scientists to remark that something would appear to have been sitting on them. No tangible object, however, has been named as the agent of SCP-494's  effect.

Addendum 494-B:  See Experiment Log 494-A.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                stone
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Nov 2020 21:32
            
            Edit
+3)
Tags
Discuss (0)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Neo Steam Wiki
                      
              May 2008 to February 2012
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Open CASCADE Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUNEF Group C2
                      
              For Your Work, Opinions and Discoveries!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mágia Mesterei Wiki
                      
              Segítség az online játékhoz
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

