                        

Item #:  SCP-1154

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1154 is to be contained in Storage Unit ██, located at Site ██. SCP-1154 is to be contained in a 15cm x 15cm sealed container. SCP-1154 is to be kept under guard by one (1) security officer at all times. Viewing of SCP-1154 must be conducted by members of D-class personnel.

If any additional components of SCP-1154 are discovered to exist, they are to be immediately secured and contained by Mobile Task Force Zeta-29 (). Any civilians affected by SCP-1154 are to be brought into Foundation custody for two (2) weeks. If, at the end of this period, they have not expired, they are to be dosed with a Class-A amnestic and released.

Any testing with SCP-1154 must be authorised by at least two Level Three personnel.

Description:  SCP-1154 is the designation given to a collection of media which includes poems, short stories, a novel and a VHS tape. All components have thematic links to an entity which the components refer to as 'the Dragon'. Descriptions of this entity vary with SCP-1154's different components, and very few of the components describe SCP-1154 in accordance with the traditional European image of a dragon. (See Component Analysis 1154-1 for further information.)

SCP-1154's anomalous effects become apparent when one of its components is viewed and understood by a human being, who will hereafter be referred to as the subject. Over the course of two weeks, the subject will experience the following phenomena:

Dreams involving vaguely reptilian entities
Valuables such as jewellery mysteriously disappearing
Perceiving a drastic increase in the ambient temperature
A feeling that they are being followed
Spontaneous combustion (This has not been known to occur with all subjects, and it is unknown what criteria, if any, affects whether this will occur. After death, the body of the subject has been known to disappear, accompanied by the sounds of consumption.)

Component1154-1

CloseLog

A summary of the various components that comprise SCP-1154. Components are numbered in the order of their discovery.

SCP-1154-1:  A poem originating from the 1600's entitled 'The Beast of [REDACTED]'. The poem describes how a kingdom is attacked by a dragon and how the king sends three knights to defeat it. Two of the knights are killed by the dragon, but the third knight climbs onto the dragon's back. The poem described how he manages to climb atop its neck and stab it in the throat. He is then eaten whole by the dragon and the poem ends with the words 'And blessed with glory was that beast, Who had come from alien skies to feast'.

SCP-1154-2:  An unpublished novel entitled 'A Quest of Gold'. It follows the adventures of a scholar as he and a group of adventurers attempt to defeat the antagonist, who is referred to as 'The Dragon King'. The protagonists eventually kill 'The Dragon King', but the epilogue describes the scholar being possessed and becoming the new 'Dragon King'.

SCP-1154-3:  A short story entitled 'The Dragon's Shadow'. The story is presented from the point of view of a young boy who is afraid that a dragon is present inside his house. In the story, the dragon is described as dog-sized and as having insectoid properties. The dragon chases the boy around his house, eventually killing and consuming him.

SCP-1154-4:  A crayon drawing of a dragon.

SCP-1154-5:  The dream diary of █████ ███████. Roughly 90 percent of the described dreams involve dragons, lizards, or fire. It is unknown why this specific dream diary carries SCP-1154's properties, as other written accounts of dreams caused by SCP-1154 carry no anomalous effects.

SCP-1154-6:  A movie filmed in 1993 entitled 'Kouen, The Eternal Dragon!'. The film's plot involves the arrival of a humanoid reptile in Tokyo and the military's attempt to destroy it. All attempts are unsuccessful, however, and the film ends with the reptile consuming the last of the survivors.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            30 Sep 2019 23:19
            
            Edit
+144)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Heroes MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Internet and Business
                      
              How the internet has changed business
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Zagłębiowska Masa Krytyczna
                      
              Czwartek 3 Maja 2018 Godz.15:00
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            NYC: Veil of Shadows
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

