                        

 

Forum
         Per Page Discussions / Per page discussions
 SCP-5490

Started by: Wikidot

Date:  12 Jul 2020 04:28

Number of posts: 4

RSS: New posts

This is the discussion related to the wiki page			SCP-5490.

Unfold All 
Fold All
 More Options

Lock Thread
Move Thread

    
        
            

      
    
                      

Fold

12 Jul 2020 08:11

There's a lot I like about this idea, but there's also a couple of fairly major weaknesses.

Some clumsy wording that impedes comprehension: I'm not really sure what  means (reading aloud?).

I'm a pedant, but there's a few historical and scientific details that I'm not sure are correct: for instance, I don't believe books would have been bound in ~100 AD as the headline image shows; I'm uncertain whether people titled  and I know for a fact that the genetics here don't work as described.

Finally, the book excerpts are pretty well written, but definitely way too long. They also weren't quite as impactful as they could have been. I would have perhaps used more about emotive language, or hammed up the archaic tone to impart a sense of gravitas, or gone into great, horrific detail about the effects of the described anomalies.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
12 Jul 2020 08:11

 
                
                	

        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

Review

12 Jul 2020 17:56

Hello! I greenlit this and was asked via PM to review it, so here I am!

༓☾Line-by-line༓☾

༓☾Close༓☾

SCP-5490 will only be read by a subject fitting within the parameters of its anomalous properties.
附加记录：    

Could just be preference, but I would say 'may only be read'. 'Will' just feels off.

all of which are blank.
附加记录：    

Again, maybe a preference thing, but I'd say say 'all of which appear blank'.

Upon viewing the first phrase, an individual will begin to suffer from severe clinical depression, rating between 24 to 27 on the PHQ-9 test regardless of their emotional state prior to the event. The individual will also begin to experience symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, complaining of the 'horrors of Judea.' Upon reading the second phrase, the individual will be able to view the full contents of SCP-5490.
附加记录：    

This really threw me off. Not that it isn't possible to have SCPs that make you depressed, but here it kind of just feels sloppily thrown in as a horror tactic. 'Boo, it makes you mentally ill', it just feels shameless and unnecessary. This detail certainly doesn't add much, so I think it would benefit the piece if you removed this.

All text within SCP-5490 is written in Latin, however,
附加记录：    

So you stated earlier that it is blank, then you go and say it isn't? I would put it appears blank, then automatically follow with the fact that it isn't blank, only certain people can read it. Same with the phrases, you said it was blank then went 'oh but by the way it isn't blank and here's what it says'. It feels very contradictory and confusing.

✿❀Overall✿❀

✿❀Close✿❀

I'm not going to review every single one of the excerpts because I'm gonna be real with you, I didn't read them all, I got through about four before I started skimming them. From what I did read, the content doesn't feel very impactful. It all feels very flat. Part of that comes from there being so much information, I think this could greatly benefit if you focused a bit more on the finer details and the characters themselves.

My main advice is that you have way too many excerpts. I feel like if you shortened it, you could help hold readers' attention much better. This was already really long piece, and the excerpts just added to it.

I like what you were going for here you had a lot of neat details, but ultimately I think the execution was a bit too off. My best advice to you would be to learn how to polish things better, and learn how to cut it down. With a few fixes, you could have a neat piece, but as it stands, it gets a down vote from me. I hope you do continue working towrds writing though! We all start somewhere! Hope I could help, good luck!

Last edited on 12 Jul 2020 17:58
by DianaBerry
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
12 Jul 2020 17:56

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

13 Jul 2020 02:33

Sorry I was not able to crit this, finals took longer than expected.

+block

–block

Upon viewing the first phrase, the individual will begin to suffer from severe clinical depression, rating between 24 to 27 on the PHQ-9 test1 regardless of their emotional state prior to the event. The individual will also begin to experience symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, complaining of the 'horrors of Judea.' Upon reading the second phrase, the individual will be able to view the full contents of SCP-5490.
附加记录：    

I like this effect and that it doesn't just kill people, but the tone's s bit off here.

Addendum.1 - Incident 5490.4.17:
附加记录：    

I'd cut out a lot of this addendum, it doesn't really add to the main plot and just serves to slow down the storu

Believing his DNA could be the reason as to why
附加记录：    

I think this is a sentence fragment. Who is believing this?

Snip excerpts
附加记录：    

Overall I liked these but there are a few issues:

The story drags on for a bit after Kokhba is defeated. I'd cut a few entries out and expand the more plot relevant ones a bit.

- I would like more info on what the sword does and what happened to the Emperor at the end.

- Some of the dialogue is repetitive (like using 'scion' and 'artifact' several times each.)

I feel like this could use some edits, but I did enjoy it. Good luck with whatever you work on next!

Last edited on 13 Jul 2020 02:36
by TheBlueHour
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
13 Jul 2020 02:33

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

27 Jul 2020 00:46

The following image was used under creative commons: bonded, created by sappling.

These files were made available under the Creative Commons CC01.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication. The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law. You can copy, modify, distribute, and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
27 Jul 2020 00:46

 
                
        
            
 

        
    

New Post

Permanent Link
Edit
Delete

/forum/t-13513224/scp-5490#post-

                    

                    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                forum
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Nov 2020 06:16
            
            Edit
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AdventRO Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            indexhibit customisations
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CycloDS Revolution
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

