                        

A sign of the type typically affected by SCP-3502; image taken on 01/06/20██.

Item #:  SCP-3502

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A detailed record of  should a civilian trigger an SCP-3502 occurrence, Foundation personnel are to administer amnestics to all individuals involved, transport them to the nearest medical facility, and present a cover story involving a vehicular accident.

A Foundation disinformation team is to monitor the internet and social media for accounts of kangaroos driving vehicles, as well as disseminating information on the importance of driving cautiously near wildlife-inhabited areas.

The habitat occupied by SCP-3502-1 is currently contained in a 50-hectare nature reserve plot of land purchased and maintained by a Foundation front company, which has established a small outpost (currently staffed by a team of two containment specialists, two security guards, and one researcher) at the western edge of the area. A barbed wire perimeter fence has been constructed to deter trespassers. Unauthorized individuals attempting to enter the reserve are to be amnesticized and turned away.

Description:  SCP-3502 is an anomalous phenomenon centered on the the small town of ██████, of Queensland, Australia. SCP-3502 affects  signs (consisting of an icon of a black kangaroo on a yellow diamond shape), commonly found in rural regions of Australia. The anomalous effects of SCP-3502 activate on a monthly basis, usually from 3rd to the 15th of every month. SCP-3502 has been observed to manifest more often during winter.

When a human individual drives a vehicle1 past a sign affected by SCP-3502 without decreasing their traveling speed, they will experience a sudden loss of consciousness within 30-60 seconds of passing the sign. Examination of affected individuals indicates symptoms similar to those caused by blunt force trauma to the head. After the vehicle driven by the individual slows or ceases movement, an instance of SCP-3502-1 will manifest and approach the vehicle.

SCP-3502-1 refers to a mob of eastern grey kangaroos (Macropus giganteus) possessing unusually high levels of intelligence and proficiency for handling human implements. Of note, while SCP-3502-1 individuals appear to be in healthy condition, all instances exhibit some form of injury, ranging from bruising to misshapen limbs.

Upon manifesting following an occurrence of SCP-3502, SCP-3502-1 entities will proceed to hijack the vehicle and forcibly remove any occupants. The SCP-3502-1 instance will then proceed to attempt to enter and drive the vehicle to a remote area of uninhabited land. GPS tracking has recorded vehicles being transported as far as 45km from the initial location of a sign affected by SCP-3502. If unable to move the vehicle, SCP-3502-1 instances will instead ransack the interior, smashing windows and tearing out any soft materials available. Occasionally, SCP-3502-1 instances will also remove tires from the sabotaged vehicles.

Addendum SCP-3502-1:  During a reconnaissance session on ██/██/████, a Foundation surveillance team was able to discover the habitat of a group of SCP-3502-1, located approximately 20km from a sign affected by SCP-3502.

It was noted that the living grounds appeared to be furnished with vehicles from previous Foundation experiments, arranged in lines. A large group of SCP-3502-1 was observed tending to multiple stolen vehicles in different states of disassembly, with native grasses and vegetation growing within the chassis of each vehicle. Other SCP-3502-1 instances appeared to be constructing a rain shelter from loose vehicle parts and sheet metal, while young SCP-3502-1 instances were sleeping nearby in berths made of truck tires and car cushions.

Discussion regarding the viability of attempting communication with SCP-3502-1 is underway. All future ventures to the SCP-3502-1 habitat are to be performed on foot, starting from 5km away from the habitat.

Footnotes
1. Recorded vehicles affected by SCP-3502 include small personal vehicles, dirtbikes, trucks, and one self-driving car.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Dec 2019 05:21
            
            Edit
+102)
Tags
Discuss (14)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Sandbox Wiki II
                      
              Sandbox Harder
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Music and Cyberculture
                      
              MUS 6314 - Topics in Ethnomusicology
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Crosswindsgarou
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

