                        

Fig 1.1: Deceased specimen of SCP-4366 (inspection by Dr. Qantim, pictured).

Item #:  SCP-4366

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Due to the social nature of SCP-4366, instances in the wild are to remain in the forests of Reykjavík, Iceland and have reduced social interaction beyond its own species. A field of exclusion, disguised as a strict No-Hunting nature reserve, has been set up surrounding the Elliðaárdalur valley.

Any large, shining objects are to be kept away from these forests due to the risk of SCP-4366 instances taking them away.

Description:  SCP-4366 are a species of large avian organisms believed to be one of the few species ever recorded to have developed 1 as a way to ward off predators, giving the species a better chance at survival. However, this perceptual camouflage goes away upon expiration of the organism. The species is native and endemic to the forests of the Elliðaárdalur valley in Reykjavík, Iceland.

SCP-4366 is currently the largest flying species on record and is believed to have been around since the Pleistocene epoch2. SCP-4366 organisms range from black to dark brown in coloration, have a wingspan of over 6.8 to 7.2 meters, and weighs 98 to 127 presumably to decrease chances of getting caught by predators. They are capable of taking in Nitrogen from the atmosphere and converting it into Oxygen as a waste product.

SCP-4366 are capable of vocalization. Sounds made from SCP-4366 organisms are made at a higher frequency than humans are capable of hearing. Vocalizations are described as high-pitched  and clicking noises which seem to indicate a form of communication between other SCP-4366 instances. SCP-4366 have also been known to take large objects that reflect light. The reason for this is unknown3.

Addendum 4366.01:  Memo regarding SCP-4366's biology

AccessFile_4366.01

AccessGranted.

=Warning: Top Secret=
Foundation Site-98/4366 Confidential

The following information below is exclusive to those working under the operation of the Department of Extradimensional Anomalies.

Fig 1.2: Microscopic analysis of SCP-4366's cells taken from the expired subject (pictured above).

SCP-4366 is one of the few species alive and known to us today that have developed strong antimemetic camouflage as an adaptation against predators. What we don't know is why their vitals are all wrong: Their anatomical structure, biochemical processes, and physiology are all wrong. Working alongside Dr. Phoenix, we discovered that SCP-4366 shares the same DNA sequence with birds; specifically, Corvus corax varius: The Icelandic Raven. None of it makes much sense, why would they share the same DNA match but look radically different?

The answer is simple: They're not from our Earth.

No, no, they're not extraterrestrial. Instead, they originate from a higher echelon of existence.

Let me explain: The subatomic particles that make up our universe vibrate at a certain speed. We call this  as the higher the frequency or vibration, the higher up the particles are in dimension. The cellular structure of SCP-4366 vibrates much, much higher than our baseline frequency. If you were to make matter from our universe vibrate at this speed, the object would slowly cease to exist at the subatomic level.

But the same process doesn't occur here. No cellular degeneration. This matter is specialized to vibrate at this speed, as does all matter in our world in our dimension.

But this only raises more questions how did these things get here in the first place? Matter with a lower dimensional constant shouldn't be able to perceive entities of higher dimensions and vice-versa. It's impossible. Hell, it should  be impossible.

I'm going to submit a formal request to take in the project. It's fascinating, but even as it exists, this is pretty anomalous even for a regular anomaly.

- Dr. MacWarren, Department Head

Addendum 4366.02:  Object of Interest

INPUTONLY

CLEARANCEACCEPTED

=Warning: Top Secret=
Foundation Site-98/4366 Confidential

The following information below is exclusive to those working under the operation of the Department of Extradimensional Anomalies.

Fig 1.3: Object of Interest recovered near the northeastern fence of the exclusion zone.

Date:  November 3, 2019

History:  On 11/03/19, during a routine inspection of SCP-4366's exclusion zone, MTF Lambda-4 Agent Brown discovered a reflective metallic object poking out from under the ground near the northeastern side of the zone. Agent Brown sent a recovery crew to unearth the object out of protocol that any SCP-4366 flying overhead would notice the shining object and attempt to remove it; damaging the zone's fence in the process.

Description of Object:  Upon recovery of the object, it was noted to possess technology found in Scranton-Marlowe Topology Stabilizers (SMTS) and Scranton Reality Anchors (SRA). The rest of the object's contents appear to serve an unknown function.

As the object itself was deemed non-functioning, it was dismantled and later identified to be similar in design to a Gears-Morgan Dimensional Frequency Stabilizer; A device designed to stabilize the vibrational frequencies in exotic matter. Currently in its conceptual stage of development as part of Project STEPPING STONE under the supervision of the project's lead directors, Dr. Charles Gears and Dr. Terrence Morgan4. Further inspection of the object shows that it was capable of processing subatomic particles and ejecting them under different qualities. An impossibility thought as plausible based on the theories and works of Dr. Hume, despite the amount of energy needed and the limitations of current developing technologies that are required to do so.

Further research into the properties of the device and how it ended up inside SCP-4366's enclosure is still ongoing.

Footnotes
1. For more information relating to the anomalous nature and adaptation of living organisms, see Aers, Woedenaz, Phoenix  SCP Foundation Journal of Antimemetics and Informational Hazards, 44(3), p657-719.
2. The geological epoch which lasted from 2,588,000 to 11,700 years ago, and the sixth epoch of the Cenozoic Era.
3. Due to their perceptual camouflage, objects taken by SCP-4366 organisms are often described as  or UFOs.
4. Further information regarding the technological applications of this device are classified under O5 Command.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 20:01
            
            Edit
+45)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Champions Ashes
                      
              The Official Wiki For Dark Souls III: Champions Ashes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Interactive Media Design: Theory
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP繁中沙盒2.0
                      
              生命之沙，繁星之盒
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            免費電子書：C# 程式設計
                      
              作者：陳鍾誠
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

