                        

A specimen of Elephas maximus indicus in SCP-2683

Item #:  SCP-2683

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2683 is to be monitored by a dedicated research team. Any instances of animals of the Proboscidea order entering the anomaly are to be noted. Due to the isolated nature of SCP-2683, confrontation with civilians over containment is unlikely; as a precaution, signs are to be posted at the perimeter stating that the area contains large amounts of hazardous subterranean gases.

If any specimens not native to the area perish while in SCP-2683, the bodies are to be collected for analysis. After analysis, the bodies are to be incinerated. Genetic samples are to be stored.

Description:  SCP-2683 designates a forest clearing located in ████████ National Park, India. The clearing is 0.6km2 in size, and is populated by local fauna. The clearing contains a large pond whose volume has not been observed to change either in droughts or during the rainy season.

SCP-2683 is subject to a temporal and spatial anomaly. Various specimens of the order Proboscidea have been seen to materialise on the edge of the clearing before making their way down to the pond in the centre. Native, non-native, and extinct species have all been witnessed. All specimens apparently exhibit the same behaviour pattern: touching the tips of their trunks to the surface of the water, and then expelling large amounts of tears from their eyes. Some individuals have been seen placing branches on the surface of the pond. The majority of specimens will de-materialise after a variable amount of time; however, specimens have been known to stand at the water until they die, apparently of malnutrition. A complete log of species sighted at SCP-2683 is found below (not including species native to the area).

Binomial Name/Common name
Notes

Loxodonta africana, African bush elephant
Large in size, species vulnerable in the wild

Loxodonta cyclotis, African forest elephant
Rarely seen in the wild

Mammuthus genus, presumed Columbian mammoth
Lived in Pleistocene epoch, hairless mammoth species. An attempt to capture an instance of this species failed, as it de-materialised after leaving SCP-2683

Mammuthus exilis, pygmy mammoth
Extinct dwarf species, of which fossils have only been found on the islands of Santa Cruz, Santa Rosa, and San Miguel1

Mammuthus primigenius, woolly mammoth
Large, hairy. Instances of this species always arrive in large herds of 30-40 individuals

Gomphotherium genus
Instances of this species are fairly aggressive to personnel, and have caused several minor injuries. Instances possess four tusks

Anancus genus
Instances of this species possess extremely long tusks, the largest of which were estimated to be 4.2 metres in length

Moeritherium genus
Eocene-era species; lacks tusks and has a minuscule trunk

Elephas celebensis, Sulawesi dwarf elephant
Has lower tusks. Instances do not appear very often

Elephas maximus sumatranus, Sumatran elephant
Smaller than most other species. One of the more common species sighted in SCP-2683

Unidentified
Black, small, possessed flipper-like appendages, non-aggressive.

Unidentified
Dark-orange, large incisors, five tusks, extremely aggressive. Injured several personnel

Apparent instance of SCP-2082
Caused deaths of █ personnel through anomalous effects

Addendum 1:  Researchers deployed a small aquatic drone to give a picture of the inside of the pond. The depth from the drone exploration was revealed to be around 15-17 metres. Footage revealed a large, elephantine skeleton is situated at the bottom of the pool; a 2-person dive is planned to recover large amounts of bone for analysis.

Update:  The two-man dive has been designated Incident-2683-A. Logs of this incident are found below.

[BEGIN LOG]

Agent Dhawan:  Comms are good on this end. Confirm, Couzens?

Agent Couzens:  Confirm.

Dr. Hamidou:  Alright. Descend.

Agent Dhawan:  Affirmative.

Divers descend further into the pool.

Agent Couzens:  We have visual on the skeleton.

Dr. Hamidou:  Good, proceed with collecting the bones.

Agent Dhawan:  Got it, collecting samples.

The divers attempt to remove some of the bones from the sediment, but appear to fail.

Agent Couzens:  These bones won't budge.

Agent Dhawan:  I'm going to get a better grip, hold on.

At this point, Agent Dhawan removes his gloves and makes skin contact with the bones. He pauses in his action.

Agent Couzens:  What's up? You alright?

Agent Dhawan:  I know why I'm here. She has connected with me, and healed me.

Dr. Hamidou:  Agent Dhawan, are you alright?

Agent Dhawan:  I can't believe that they that you, killed her.

Agent Couzens:  Dhawan, pull away. We're getting out of here, come on.

Agent Dhawan:  This place it was sacred, until they came.

Dr. Hamidou:  Agent Couzens, pull up. We can retrieve Agent Dhawan later.

Agent Dhawan:  It's great that she connected with us, so we could come here. I'm going back home, now.

Agent Dhawan vanishes, leaving no trace.

Agent Couzens:  What the fuck? Where the hell did he go?

Dr. Hamidou:  Get back here, Couzens. Quickly.

Agent Couzens returns to the surface.
附加记录：    

Further dives into the pond failed to locate Agent Dhawan.

On ██/██/2017, agents in Colombo, Sri Lanka, discovered Agent Dhawan in a psychiatric hospital, where he was designated SCP-2683-1. Dhawan mimicked the mannerisms and behaviour of an elephant, and did not display any human behavioural traits. Staff at the institution stated that Dhawan had been found wandering the streets, and was apprehended after assaulting several civilians. It was noted from records that Agent Dhawan was born in Colombo. No further dives are planned.

Footnotes
1. Three of the Channel Islands

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  elephant.jpg

Name:  File:IndianElephant.jpg

Author:  Jayanand Govindaraj

License:  CC BY-SA 2.0

Source:  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:IndianElephant.jpg
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            30 Nov 2020 03:48
            
            Edit
+87)
Tags
Discuss (8)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Vakfı
                      
              Yakala, Sakla, Koru
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bisgmit
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Metrix Create:Space
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

