                        

Item #:  SCP-671

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-671 must be kept at Sector-██ in a clear plastic terrarium no less than 10m x 1m x 1m. The terrarium is to be assembled by heat merging only. It should contain at least 400kg of sandy soil with humidity at least ██.█%. Appropriate food is provided via a hatch every week. The room is to be monitored by four cameras at all times. Entry and exit is via an airlock, which must be flooded with an insecticide harmless to humans each time it cycles. No piece of the door beyond the innermost panel itself may be accessible from inside the containment room, and all fixtures inside the room must be either sealed or built into the walls.

As long as any SCP-671 individuals are outside the terrarium, personnel entering the room must either wear only clothes that will not trigger SCP-671, use strong insect repellent, or wear a sealed single-piece suit over all other clothing. All but the simplest items must be kept within a sealed transparent plastic bag or similarly protected by insecticide or repellent. Should SCP-671 individuals escape the terrarium outside of experimental procedure, the room is to be flooded with insecticide.

No SCP which can potentially be disassembled is to be kept at Sector-██, and SCP-671 may never enter a facility where such SCPs are kept.

Description:  SCP-671 is a large colony of Spanish carpenter ants (Camponotus cruentatus), comprising approximately 30,000 individuals. When SCP-671 is faced with a complex artificial device, its constituent individuals will attempt to reduce it to its simplest components. (Organisms, living or dead, do not trigger this behavior.) The ants appear attracted to artificial devices as to food sources. Screws will be unscrewed, staples and nails extracted, etc. In the process, even a single SCP-671 individual is able to exert forces several hundred times greater than a normal C. cruentatus. When large numbers of ants collaborate, they are capable of surprising feats.

The only type of artificial joint that appears not to trigger SCP-671's disassembly behavior is that in which two items of the same or similar material are merged using adhesive of another similar material. Examples include the rocks and cement in concrete, paper glued together (unless the glue is so thick as to represent a separate  however, material serving as a joint (e.g. glue, mortar, rivets) is likely to be destroyed in the process.

SCP-671 reduces objects to their smallest natural constituents: fabric is frayed into constituent threads, as are textile-like objects such as rope. 15,000 SCP-671 individuals, working in concert, can disassemble a sedan in 48 hours or a 10-story steel-frame building in one month. They show little intelligence beyond that strictly necessary for disassembly, and will mindlessly attempt to take apart running machinery or containers of poison at great risk to themselves and the colony. In ████ of ████ at Alcanar, Spain, a group of SCP-671 individuals proceeded to disassemble the motor of a running tanker truck, resulting in [DATA EXPUNGED]. As such, if necessary, it may be possible to reestablish containment by leaving large multi-part containers of insecticides or corrosive substances near the colony.

Addendum : Following Incident 671-A, personnel are reminded that any appropriate  Dr. Ziegler

Incident 671-A : Agent Thornton, having just left an experiment with SCP-███, assumed that his airtight suit would be sufficient for subsequent work with SCP-671. Almost as soon as he entered the colony's containment, however, the ants began to disassemble his military-type boots. As he prepared to leave, he tripped over the shoelaces that had been undone and partly frayed and fell to the ground, suffering a sprained knee and dislocated shoulder.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Oct 2019 21:17
            
            Edit
+116)
Tags
Discuss (24)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Connors Campaigns
                      
              My dashboard for RPGs, Music, Sports, and more.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文殊阁
                      
              梦开始的地方
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trumpet exercise database
                      
              for trumpet players, students and teachers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Samvedna Network
                      
              Collaborative e-learning for children
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

