                        

This document has been flagged for extratemporal data corruption .

If you experience any technical difficulties, reload the page after sixty seconds.

If issues persist, please contact your site's database technician.

The remains of 3306-POI-09.

The remains of 3306-POI-09.

Item #:  SCP-3306

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  An unassuming wooden structure, designated Site-3306, has been constructed over the area surrounding SCP-3306 to prevent its detection by passersby and satellite observation, and a secondary motorized platform has been built around the immediate circumference of SCP-3306 to ensure that researchers may comfortably communicate with 3306-POI subjects.

Televisions and other forms of entertainment may be situated on the secondary platform to promote good behavior. Any recreational material presented to 3306-POI must approved by a Level-3 researcher. Material that could potentially provoke emotional distress should be avoided.

Personnel are to refrain from influencing subjects' decisions during Illions Events.

Description:  SCP-3306 is a carousel amusement ride located in the Continental Ranges of the Canadian Rockies. It is powered by anomalous means and remains in constant motion. Painted wooden panels around SCP-3306's central hub appear to depict scenes from Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy. As of this writing, there are 44 fiberglass horses attached to SCP-3306's sweeps. Each horse bears a stylized resemblance to a previous 3306-POI subject.

When SCP-3306 was first discovered, it bore no horses, and 50 persons of interest (3306-POI, sub-designated 01 through 50) were found aboard its rotating platform. 3306-POI are unable to deboard the platform; likewise, all attempts to board the platform or physically interact with 3306-POI subjects in any way have failed. Despite their lack of access to food and water, 3306-POI remain in perfect health and do not seem to age.

3306-POI subjects claim to have been normal individuals with no connection to anomalous phenomena prior to waking up aboard SCP-3306. Foundation investigators have yet to find any evidence to disprove this.

Every year on the 17th of February, SCP-3306 will play a recording of a heavily distorted voice instructing 3306-POI subjects to vote for who they believe to be . The subject who receives the most votes by midnight will instantly disappear, and a new horse will simultaneously manifest on SCP-3306's sweeps. Following this, another message will be played stating that subjects have chosen incorrectly. Foundation personnel may refer to this day as an Illions Event.

Currently, only six 3306-POI subjects remain. The alleged identities of these individuals are as follows:

3306-POI-04:  Luke Hughes, age 25 prior to appearing aboard SCP-3306. Previously employed by the Oklahoma Tax Commission as a call center worker. Rarely participates in conversations with other subjects, but frequently requests the company of Foundation personnel.

3306-POI-11:  Ronell Ashcombe, age 73 prior to appearing aboard SCP-3306. Veteran of the United States Marine Corps and widower to the late Lydia Ashcombe, who died several years after her husband's disappearance. Professes a disbelief in the existence of  and typically abstains from annual voting unless required to in the event of a tie.

3306-POI-17:  Lori-May Simmons, age 11 prior to appearing aboard SCP-3306. Born in Amarillo, Texas to then-married Cheryl Howser and Billy Simmons. Dedicates much of her time to determining the identity of  in hopes that she may be released from SCP-3306 while her parents are still living. Has maintained an alliance with 3306-POI-28 for the past seven Illions Events.

3306-POI-28:  Jeannie Kirkwood, age 43 prior to appearing aboard SCP-3306. Previously a creative director at a California-based advertising firm. Claims to know the identity of  but refuses to explain her reasoning to anyone other than 3306-POI-17.

3306-POI-30:  Craig Dalton, age 28 prior to appearing aboard SCP-3306. No prior employment. Frequently attempts to aid Foundation personnel in maintaining morale among 3306-POI subjects, with varying degrees of success.

3306-POI-33:  Shelley Long, age 32 prior to appearing aboard SCP-3306. Previously a single mother from Abbotsford, British Columbia. Displayed strong maternal affection toward 3306-POI-17 during the early years of their captivity; the two remain amiable but view each other with suspicion.

The assertion that there is an imposter among 3306-POI has neither been confirmed nor refuted.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Addendum:  The following files contain the most recent interviews with remaining the 3306-POI subjects.

►3306-POI-04

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Dr. Ricks:  Good morning, Luke. How are you doing today?

Hughes:  Fine, though Dalton's been even more desperately manic than usual lately. I think he assumes we're going to vote him out next.

Dr. Ricks:  Do you agree with that assumption?

Hughes:  Sort of. We have a history of voting out people simply 'cause we don't want them around for another year, and I think we're all pretty sick of Dalton's forced optimism at this point—the old man especially. But with only six people left, I think folks are really determined to make their vote count, you know?

Dr. Ricks:  Yes, that's understandable.

Hughes:  Right now I'm thinking it's Long. Every year she's been increasingly noncommittal when it comes to voting. Shouldn't she be more invested as time goes on? It's just weird. I think Long wants to vote for Kirkwood, but Dalton's more scared of Simmons, so Long may jump ship just so there's a majority. The old man doesn't care so he'll probably just go for Dalton. Kirkwood and Simmons, well, who knows with those two?

Dr. Ricks:  I see. Now, you've struggled with feelings of hopelessness in the past. With numbers so low, have you started to consider the possibility of escape?

Hughes:  Hah, not escape, per se. I've known you guys a long time, and I doubt you'll ever let me go completely. But do I think there's a chance I may get off this carousel one day? Yeah, I'm starting to feel like I've got a shot.

Dr. Ricks:  I'm glad to hear that, Luke.

Hughes:  Hey, do you think there's a chance I know you probably wouldn't let me have a high-ranking position or anything, but if I ever get out of here, would it be possible for me to work for the Foundation in some capacity? Maybe just a researcher or something? I never really had a career, you know. This place is all I've ever really had. And I've watched you all long enough to be decently familiar with how you operate.

Dr. Ricks:  Interesting. I'm not sure, but I can look into it for you.

Hughes:  Thanks, I appreciate that.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    

►3306-POI-11

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Dr. Ricks:  Hello, Mr. Ashcombe—

Ashcombe:  Fuck off. I'm not doing any more of these.

Dr. Ricks:  I assure you, it will only be—

Ashcombe:  (Louder) I'm not doing any more of these!

Dr. Ricks:  We have some new programs—

Ashcombe scoffs.

Ashcombe:  I'm not watching any more shit TV. I'll tell you one more time: fuck off. It's hard enough for an old man to get any sleep with these fucking lights, and this fucking music, and no fucking bed to speak of. You people only make it worse.

Dr. Ricks:  It's the middle of the day, Mr. Ashcombe.

[End Log] 

Afterword:  Interview terminated by Dr. Ricks after Ashcombe refused to respond for several minutes.
附加记录：    

►3306-POI-17

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Dr. Ricks:  Interview time.

Simmons sighs.

Simmons:  My name is Lori-May Simmons. Despite my appearance, I'm fifty-five years old. I keep myself physically and mentally active in preparation for my eventual escape from this place. I believe there is an imposter, and I have suspicions about their identity, but I cannot divulge them at this time. There have been no notable changes in my opinions or emotional state since my previous interview. That is all.

Dr. Ricks:  Like clockwork.

Simmons:  Hey. What more do you want?

Dr. Ricks:  I think that's sufficient. Thank you for your time.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    

►3306-POI-28

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Dr. Ricks:  I have the newest season of Shark Tank for you.

Kirkwood:  Good enough. I'll give you two minutes. Be warned, I talk slowly, so make your questions count.

Dr. Ricks:  You claim to know the identity of the imposter mentioned in the recording. Do you have any interest in divulging that information now that only five other people remain?

Kirkwood:  No.

Dr. Ricks:  And why not?

Kirkwood:  It's a pointless farce, really. Just like the parlor games that I assume this whole thing is based on. You can beg and plead and scream and argue, but in the end, there's no way to make someone else believe you. It's all arbitrary. If we win this game, it'll be by accident—and that's assuming it can even be won.

Dr. Ricks:  Do you think it can be won?

Kirkwood:  No.

Dr. Ricks:  Why not?

Kirkwood:  Because anyone else worth a damn got voted out a long time ago. Lori's fine, but there's no hope with just the two of us. Now, I believe that's two minutes.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    

►3306-POI-30

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Dalton:  Ricks! Ricks, Ricks, pick up sticks. How are you, my friend?

Dr. Ricks:  It's been a productive day, thank you. And yourself?

Dalton:  Oh, doc. Doc, doc, doc. It's almost Valentine's, isn't it? You know, I had a girl once. More than one. I wasn't a very good person in my old life. Christy Bingham, Shawna Hart, Heather I've forgotten Heather's last name. How about that? God, I'm a wretched human being. I deserve all of this.

Dr. Ricks:  I'm sorry. I know it's hard for you when an Illions Event is approaching.

Dalton:  Listen, I hate being such a sad sack with you, but you're the only one I can really be honest with. You've been such a good friend all these years, Dr. Ricks. I'm gonna miss talking to you.

Dr. Ricks:  You believe that the others are going to vote you out?

Dalton:  Hell, man. I know it! They hate me. I know I used to be kind of charming. It's how I had so many girls. It's how I stayed alive this long. But all these years I think my mind's had it, man. I don't know how to talk to people anymore. I barely know how to think thoughts. I try to be friendly, but lately I think I've just been obnoxious.

Dalton wipes his eyes on his sleeve.

Dalton:  Hey doc, can I make a request?

Dr. Ricks:  Depends on the request.

Dalton:  Can you talk to me after I change? Like, could you just talk to my horse?

Dr. Ricks:  You believe the horses are alive?

Dalton:  Yeah, man. Sometimes when you press your ear to them, and the music goes quiet between songs, you can hear them breathing and groaning. Please, Dr. Ricks. You're the only true friend I have in the world. Please don't stop talking to me.

Dr. Ricks:  I think I can make arrangements for that.

Dalton:  Thanks, doc. I'll really miss you. I really will.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    

►3306-POI-33

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Long:  Back so soon?

Dr. Ricks:  It's been six months since our last interview, ma'am.

Long:  Oh.

Dr. Ricks:  Anything new to report?

Long:  Not really. I'm just tired.

Dr. Ricks:  The next Illions event is in two weeks. How are you faring?

Long:  Just fine. I'm rather indifferent, honestly. I still think it's Jeannie, but I've decided I can vote for Lori if necessary. She's had a good, full life at this point, hasn't she?

Dr. Ricks:  It's not my place to say.

Long:  I suppose it isn't.

[23 seconds of silence]

Dr. Ricks:  Anything else you'd like to say for the record?

Long:  Not really.

Dr. Ricks:  I see. Thank you for your time.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

►Event

▼by.

[Begin Log] 

Ashcombe:  All right, let's get this fucking thing over with.

Dalton:  The old man's right. I can't take much more of this. But before you all vote for me, I just want to say—

Simmons:  We're not voting for you, moron.

Dalton:  What? Really? Nobody?

Ashcombe:  Fuck you! I'm voting for him!

Long:  I'm not. I'm voting for Jeannie.

Kirkwood:  Love you too, Shells.

Simmons:  People, please. Nobody's voting for anyone yet. I have something to say.

Hughes:  You usually do, yeah.

Simmons:  We've tried a lot of things. We've tried ending the vote in a tie. We've tried not voting at all. But in forty-five years, there's still something we haven't tried. I don't know if it's part of the magic or if we're all just stupid—

Ashcombe:  If you've got a plan, give it to us sometime today, please.

Simmons:  Ricks. We need to vote for Dr. Ricks.

[11 seconds silence]

Hughes:  Jesus christ.

Ashcombe:  Sure. Worth a shot.

Dalton:  Wait. Wait. I don't understand.

Simmons:  Think about it. We've suspected for years that the game was rigged.

Dr. Ricks, observing the proceedings from the nearby, becomes visibly agitated.

Research Assistant Baxter:  (To Dr. Ricks) Should we intervene?

Dr. Ricks:  Let's wait a moment.

Simmons:  This whole thing is an obvious act of sadism. Something is toying with us. Naturally, then, it would want to watch us.

Dalton:  Dr. Ricks has only been around for, what? Eight years?

Hughes:  We've had other presiding researchers before him. Dr. Olsen, Dr. Smith, Dr. Shipley—

Long:  It could all be the same person! It's changing its shape!

Simmons:  Exactly.

Kirkwood:  Son of a bitch.

Hughes:  Wait, I thought you said you knew?

Kirkwood:  I lied.

Simmons:  So it's settled: we're voting for Ricks. Any objections?

Other subjects express agreement.

Dr. Ricks:  I'm sorry, I'm afraid that involving any person other than SCP-3306 persons of interest would be considered a breach of containment.

Kirkwood:  Go to hell!

Hughes:  I can't believe we trusted you.

Dr. Ricks:  (To Research Assistant Baxter) Issue a lockdown.

Baxter does not respond.

Dr. Ricks:  Put us on lockdown, damn it!

Research Assistant Baxter:  I'm sorry, I don't When did you start working here? I'm trying to remember, and I—

Dr. Ricks:  Keep your head. It's memetic! It's affecting your mind! Just issue the lockdown and we can discuss this later.

Research Assistant Baxter:  Why don't you issue it, sir? You have clearance, don't you?

Dr. Ricks violently grabs Baxter by the throat.

Dr. Ricks:  I am a Foundation scientist! I was always a scientist! I didn't want any of this! You think I liked this? Fuck you, you don't even—

SCP-3306 abruptly stops turning, causing 3306-POI subjects fall over.

SCP-3306:  (Prerecorded message) Congratulations, you win! We hope you enjoyed the game. Play again soon!

Dr. Ricks releases Research Assistant Baxter, who quickly flees. The lights on SCP-3306 go dark. Dr. Ricks collapses.

Dr. Ricks:  I see. Thank you for your time.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    

Afterword:  Following this event, SCP-3306 ceased all anomalous activity and 3306-POI subjects were placed under quarantine. Subsequent autopsy of Dr. Rick's body shows that he suffered a fatal heart attack at the time SCP-3306 deactivated. No other anomalous features of the body were observed, and investigators have yet to confirm any abnormalities in Dr. Rick's history with the Foundation. 3306-POI subjects appear to have regained normal biological functions.

By order of Site Director Goode, if no other anomalous phenomena are observed within a period of 370 days, SCP-3306 is to be reclassified as Neutralized and its documentation rewritten. Once neutralization is confirmed, 3306-POI are to be administered amnestics, assigned new identities, and reintegrated into society.

    
    
    
    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            13 Sep 2020 18:12
            
            Edit
+142)
Tags
Discuss (22)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Thymio  Aseba
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dyslexia Connection
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Scala Geography Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

