                        

SCP-3556 prior to containment

Item #:  SCP-3556

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3556 is currently contained in a containment locker in Site-77's Containment Vault. The item is to be placed within a sound-proof container in order to minimize distractions to nearby personnel. Access to the item is restricted to any personnel of Level 2 security clearance or higher. Personnel of Level 1 clearance or lower must receive written permission by Dr. Beck, head of SCP-3556 research, to handle SCP-3556.

Description:  SCP-3556 is a yellow adhesive note pad, measuring 2.5cm, depicting a crude drawing of an unknown creature with the word “Durbal” being written near the drawing.

Placing SCP-3556 on any object will cause the drawing to animate and vocalize any flaws the anomaly perceives of the item it is placed upon. SCP-3556's criticisms will become increasingly illogical the longer it remains on an object, eventually going off topic and become tangentially unrelated to the item it was affixed to. SCP-3556 has only been recorded speaking English. It is theorized that SCP-3556 is sentient, though it has refused to cooperate during attempted interviews.

Addendum-3556-1:Log

CloseAddendum-3556-1

The following are a series of transcripts recorded from experiments using SCP-3556.

Foreword:  Object was placed on a cracked mirror.

 

SCP-3556:  Mirror is obviously cracked intentionally.

If left untreated, may result in total mirror failure.

Mirror is slightly smudged due to clumsy workers.

Mirror is even more smudged by me.

Mirror does not correctly reflect light as human eyes see it.

Mirror is not a true mirror.

Mirror absorbs a small amount of green light upon reflection.

Mirror is a cheating mirror that steals people’s hard earned light and deserves to serve 30 years in prison for stealing light.

Mirror may also be given the death penalty in several jurisdictions, and frankly deserves it.

Mirror is scum of the Earth

 

Closing Statement:  The unedited audio files all amount to approximately 33 days of audio. The remainder of this transcript was cut for the sake of brevity. SCP-3556 may be capable of following an infinite number of tangents in its rants. -Dr. Beck
附加记录：    

Foreword:  Object was placed on a file containing multiple documents. All documents consisted of untrue facts.

 

SCP-3556:  File is an inadequate way to store data, considering the rise of digital data.

Data contained within file is false.

First page states frogs are mammals.

Frogs are amphibians.

Amphibians are both fish and mammals.

Frogs are indecisive in their place in the animal kingdom.

Second page states computers emit sugary liquids.

Computer technology is yet to reach the state of sugary liquid emission.

Sugary liquids cause diabetes, heart disease, obesity…

 

Closing Statement:  The remainder of this transcript was cut for the sake of brevity. It appears SCP-3556 is able to criticize the contents of media, not just the media itself. -Dr. Beck
附加记录：    

Foreword:  D-8913 was instructed to hold SCP-3556. D-8913 had their left arm amputated at birth.

 

SCP-3556:  D-8913 is missing an arm.

D-8913’s arm was removed because she is genetically inferior to other human organisms.

D-8913 lacks confidence.

D-8913 swears too much.

D-8913 wears terrible orange jumpsuits because she lacks confidence.

D-8913 wears glasses because her eyes were screwed up by staring at a TV too much.

D-8913 dyes her hair to forget about the fact their hair is ugly and boring.

D-8913 hates legitimate criticism.

D-8913 doesn’t know how she gets into terrible situations and chooses to blame those around her.

D-8913 has a terrible relationship with her mother.

D-8913 has committed murder and deserves to be here.

D-8913 is a terrible singer and can’t take a hint that she is a terrible singer.

D-8913 listens to Korean pop music, which is the worst kind of music.

D-8913’s voice is literally incapable of sounding good in any circumstance.

D-8913 has anger management problems.

D-8913 hates pape-

D-8913 placed SCP-3556 on a nearby wall and attempted to leave the testing chamber. D-8913 refused to comply with further testing orders.

 
附加记录：    

Foreword:  Dr. Beck was instructed to hold SCP-3556.

 

SCP-3556:  Jim Cyrus Beck does not have children, and as such is an evolutionary failure.

Jim Cyrus Beck does not want children because he doesn’t want to become like his father.

Jim Cyrus Beck is also incapable of having children due to his erectile dysfunction.

Jim Cyrus Beck does not realize he is already like his father.

Jim Cyrus Beck drinks an entire beer once he gets home from work, like his father.

Jim Cyrus Beck fails to please his significant other both sexually and romantically, like his father.

Jim Cyrus Beck hates his job and regularly questions why he hasn’t quit.

Jim Cyrus Beck is allergic to bees.

Jim Cyrus Beck cannot become a bee farmer.

Jim Cyrus Beck is also allergic to honey.

Jim Cyrus Beck can never affiliate himself with any bees of any k-

Dr. Beck set down SCP-3556.

 
附加记录：    

Foreword:  SCP-3556 was presented with SCP-3556’s file.

 

SCP-3556:  I am perfect in every way. No further comment.

SCP-3556 remained silent for the remainder of the test.

 
附加记录：    

Addendum-3556-2:Recovery

CloseAddendum-3556-2

SCP-3556 was recovered from the apartment of ██████ ████████ (PoI-3556), a writer and illustrator for various children’s books. Foundation agents planted in local police stations apprehended SCP-3556, as well as PoI-3556 and the personal journal of the subject as evidence following a suicide attempt by PoI-3556. Below are the most recent entries in PoI-3556’s journal pertaining to SCP-3556.

jesus christ i cant get past this artists block. ive had 2 weeks to make a new character and nothing is coming up. come on brain think.
附加记录：    

i just doodled a little thing. looks kinda good. gonna sleep on it since im not to sure on it.
附加记录：    

holy shit it started talking. and it wont shut up. like at all.
附加记录：    

its judging an old draft i have. gotta admit, its actually kinda helpful. i might keep it around a bit longer.
附加记录：    

ok seriously it wont shut up. i just stuck it on my pen and it wont stop talking. also apparently metal pens are a fire hazard if you have kids. they could stick them in electrical sockets.
附加记录：    

note to self: get those little plastic covers for electrical sockets so i dont jab my pen in there and kill myself.
附加记录：    

this thing isnt making any sense. its never satisfied with any of my drafts and keeps finding something wrong to talk about. but its stuff that doesnt make sense.
附加记录：    

“current draft doesnt have enough swans” WHAT THE [EXPLETIVE] DOES THAT MEAN?!
附加记录：    

[The following page consists of 37 crude drawings of swans.]
附加记录：    

is this enough [EXPLETIVE] swans for you?!
附加记录：    

now there are too many swans.
附加记录：    

i cant sleep with that thing. every time i try to get close to it i feel like vomiting and i have to leave.
附加记录：    

what if i set my room on fire?
附加记录：    

what if i set myself on fire? cant listen to durbal if youre dead amiright?
附加记录：    

[EXPLETIVE] my lighter is in my bedroom. durbal is in my bedroom. maybe he will set himself on fire.
附加记录：    

can you be tried for murder if you burn a sticky note that yells at you?
附加记录：    

is it a crime to cause someone to go insane by yelling at them? if it is durbal is a wanted felon haha
附加记录：    

“hey police im gonna [EXPLETIVE] jump out a window cuz a sticky note is yelling at me” does that sound believable?
附加记录：    

ok ill try it if i die sucks to be me.
附加记录：    

all of my possessions go to durbal, my one true friend and worst enemy jesus [EXPLETIVE] i hate him see ya cruel world
附加记录：    

Subject was administered Class-B amnestics before being released to a local psychiatric hospital. Monitoring of subject for further anomalous activity is ongoing.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:58
            
            Edit
+150)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-VN Sandbox
                      
              Khu vực thử nghiệm
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Maximum Tension
                      
              Programing / Design Lab.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Horizons
                      
              The RP about how it all continued... maybe.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

