                        

Manifestation on 02/14/12 before construction of Site-812, taken from within the Camry

Item #:  SCP-4302

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  The container for SCP-4302 is located within Site-812. It is to be constructed out of plywood and polyurethane foam, and must measure exactly 35 meters by 70 meters. This is despite the fact that such a container already exists. The entire site is to be lined with Standard Xyank-Stevensohn Reversal Manifestors; SRAs have no effect.

Three times a month, SCP-4302 has manifested. Under no circumstances are personnel to approach the container, as the exact location and nature of the force inside are poorly understood. Personnel may be putting themselves at an unnecessary risk both to themselves and the long-term containment of SCP-4302. Testing is to be done with remotely activated drones, who are then to be constructed in order to facilitate testing.

No security cameras of any kind are allowed within Site-812, and no cameras of any kind are allowed within the 35 kilometer security perimeter surrounding Site-812.

If in the event of personnel becoming a target, the Foundation as a whole should be prepared to have records changed or deleted. This is normal. Agents assigned are to investigate maternity wards worldwide for any personnel lost to SCP-4302, and offer any civilians affected A-class amnestics.

Description:  SCP-4302 is a phenomenon with an unclear chronology. Site-812 was a former technology park in Northeastern Iowa. Developer records at Sanderson, Lammeo,  Houtz Realty Inc. indicate a planned ground-breaking ceremony around 2020. Eyewitness accounts place the first manifestation of SCP-4302 precisely around June 2010. There have been no businesses in the development since 1980.

SCP-4302 occurs three times a month, every month, during the full moon, and physically begins with the manifestation of a white 2007 Toyota Camry in the east parking lot. The Camry has no fuel. The headlights are illuminating a small pile of filmmaking equipment1, alongside two towels, a wooden chair, a Penn State University sweatshirt , a box of Nestle brand bottled water, and a tray of thirty-five assorted cookies. Notably, no cameras are present in the equipment.

Next, patches of space across the technology park cease movement on the molecular level, with dimensions matching those of various cinematic aspect ratios. Following this, [DATA EXPUNGED] this marks the emergence of [REDACTED] identical to a 'target', although all concrete evidence suggests that the individual in question was always there. It has been determined through rigorous testing that this is not actually SCP-4302 itself. Aside from being a theorized viewing system, what it actually is, is unknown.

Once it locks on to the 'target' [REDACTED] before the symptoms progress, typically mimicking dementia, but not dementia itself. Subjects are unable to run, occasionally unable to see as it approaches. Imaging of the body during these events suggests the actual nerves within the eyes are severed through unknown means. This is consistent with visual identification of it. Age of corpse is several years before individual's birth.

There is no memetic effect to SCP-4302. However, the sky above the event displays no stars. This effect is extant for 35km surrounding Site-812.

Detail enlarged. [CONTEXT REDACTED] Researchers have determined that, although it cast a shadow, it was neither alive nor an object.

[DATA EXPUNGED]. Civilian authorities have no evidence of any individual who could have committed such an act attending any university, nor making any purchases. Forensic paleontologists working concurrently in seventy-five regions have noted the evidence of a murder stretches as far back as the Cretaceous Period. The temporal effects of SCP-4302 make this identification difficult. The artifacts recovered from Mongolia and the Hell Creek Badlands indicate there never was any blood on the lens.

Footnotes
1. Consisting of microphone, boom pole, lens case (containing two lenses, 35mm and 70mm), microphone case, cords, battery packs, and slate.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 19:35
            
            Edit
+24)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            无尽长廊
                      
              行于廊屋，游于万物
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            山德森寰宇祕典
                      
              星河之間，無垠之上
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Harvey Capital Lectures
                      
              Crowdsourced Transcription and Translation Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Frets On Fire Wiki
                      
              courtesy of fretsonfire.org
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

