                        

Item #:  SCP-1675

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1675 is stored in a reinforced containment cell at Site-15. SCP-1675 is to be given 1 liter of 10W-30 motor oil every 90 days but otherwise does not require fuel or maintenance of any kind.

Experimentation with SCP-1675 may only be performed with prior written permission from at least two Level 3 Senior Researchers. Experimentation involving use of live ammunition requires additional permission from one Level 4 Site Director and prior notification of Site-15 security staff; such experimentation must also be performed in a separate armored testing chamber.

Description:  SCP-1675 is a digitigrade bipedal automaton of unknown manufacture that is apparently capable of indefinite operation with no detectable external power source or need for fuel. SCP-1675 stands approximately 1m in height and appears to have been built for law enforcement or military application as it is equipped with high-strength manipulator arms, armor plating capable of withstanding small arms fire, and two shoulder-mounted machine guns fed from a hopper located on its back.

Under normal circumstances, SCP-1675 is docile and harmless; left to its own devices, it will wander its containment area listlessly and does not pose a danger to any personnel. SCP-1675 will non-violently resist attempts to deactivate or disassemble it but will otherwise not resist any attempts to inspect or observe it. Attempts to discern more about its internal configuration have not been successful to date.

Whenever SCP-1675 is exposed to a specimen of genus Anser, Branta, or Chen, it will become highly aggressive and attempt to kill the specimen by any means possible. SCP-1675 is single-minded, efficient, and exhibits possible intelligence in its ability to operate tactically when need arises.

Periodically and while attacking such specimens, SCP-1675 will emit audible speech from a speaker located near its head, generally consisting of anti-avian propaganda in French. SCP-1675 has not responded to any attempts to communicate thus far.

SCP-1675 was discovered by rangers in █████ National Forest on ██/██/██. At time of discovery, SCP-1675 had killed over ███ specimens over a 27-hectare area. SCP-1675 was recovered without incident by the responding Foundation containment team and all witnesses were administered a Class A amnestic.

Addendum 1675-01:  Log of Notable Experiments

Date : █/██/██

Subject : One (1) Anser anser domesticus (domestic goose)

Provided Tools : None

Result : SCP-1675 quickly chased down and strangled subject using its manipulator arms.

Emitted Speech : 

Date : ██/█/██

Subject : One (1) A. anser domesticus

Provided Tools : Single-edged combat knife

Result : SCP-1675 used provided knife as a thrown weapon to wound Subject, retrieved knife, then killed Subject with a single lateral cut to its neck. SCP-1675 retained knife, but surrendered it without resistance to research personnel.

Emitted Speech : 

Date : ██/██/██

Subject : One (1) A. anser domesticus

Provided Tools : Ten (10) rounds of 5.56mm ammunition

Result : SCP-1675 loaded provided ammunition into its hopper, then killed Subject with a single accurate burst of three (3) rounds at close range. Research staff were unable to remove the loaded ammunition.

Emitted Speech : 

Date : ██/█/██

Subject : Three (3) Branta canadensis (Canada goose)

Provided Tools : None

Result : SCP-1675 stood still until Subjects approached, then ambushed and strangled one Subject using its manipulator arms while firing its remaining ammunition at the other fleeing Subjects.

Emitted Speech : 

Date : ██/██/██

Subject : One (1) Cygnus olor (Mute swan)

Provided Tools : None

Result : SCP-1675 did not immediately react to Subject. When Subject approached within 1m of SCP-1675 to investigate, Subject was gently pushed away.

Emitted Speech : 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 00:46
            
            Edit
+247)
Tags
Discuss (63)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            TI-Basic Developer
                      
              The TI-Basic Information Repository
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Writing 111
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Marvel Untold MUX
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

