                        

SCP-821.

Item #:  SCP-821

Object Class:  Safe Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  The area SCP-821 is located in has been purchased by the Foundation, with a standard containment warehouse constructed around it, designated Containment Outpost 821. Daily inspections of SCP-821's exterior structure are to be performed by security personnel, with any significant changes being reported to the containment supervisor. No personnel are to enter SCP-821 due to its structural instability.

Description:  SCP-821 is a structure located within the former town of Esheville, FL. Records recovered from the local government indicate it was constructed sometime between 1955-1957. The interior is in a permanent state of degradation, with all attempts at maintenance or restoration being unsuccessful.

SCP-821's interior contains a varying number of devices intended for children, such as a carousel, a stage with a set of 4 animatronic figures, and a variety of midway games. There are also a number of kiosks which sold food and souvenirs when SCP-821 was active. During initial containment, these devices were fully functional. Maintenance was performed by humanoids within SCP-821, formerly known as SCP-821-1, who also operated the devices within SCP-821. Instances of SCP-821-1 were humanoid automatons composed of painted copper. Devices contained within SCP-821 displayed anomalous properties when they functioned, including:

Models of animals that were attached to the carousel would move autonomously.
Animatronics were shown to be able to engage prepubescent subjects in conversation.
Food and drink were produced within SCP-821 without a source.
Midway games that would emit vocalizations complimenting users with high scores.

The animatronic band was composed of four machines, each playing a different instrument. Once per hour, they would play a set of popular songs from 1957-1960. When not playing, these animatronics could communicate with subjects observing them, and were capable of conducting basic conversation. Notably, vocalizations produced in this manner were shown to be unique, with logs compiled between 1959-1961 showing that no conversation had been repeated.

However, following Incident SCP-821-A, all instances of SCP-821-1 were apparently destroyed or otherwise removed, and SCP-821 began to exhibit rapid structural deterioration. The devices contained within SCP-821 began to function erratically, showing much more dangerous properties than had previously been observed. In addition, SCP-821 itself is no longer safe to enter due to its structural damage. Alterations to devices include portions of the carousel and animatronic band becoming aggressive, striking and biting any subjects that approached them. Notably, portions of SCP-821 capable of speech were highly apologetic, offering to assist the subject that had been injured. Currently, no components of SCP-821 capable of producing speech are functional.

Addendum:  Incident 821-A.

On 4/11/1989, personnel attempting to enter SCP-821 found that the entrance had been sealed off, and a note labeled  affixed to the door. Investigation into SCP-821's interior showed that no instances of SCP-821-1 could be located. In the center of the main floor, a letter was found. The text of the letter has been included in this report. As of 5/16/1999, SCP-821 has been designated as neutralized.

Hello my friends. This is a day we have all been dreading, and I am sad to be the one who has to break the news. You've all known for awhile that Funland has been having troubled times for a very long while, and although times were tough, we always managed to pull through. But we can't do it anymore. I've seen the parks and attractions that come from the huge amusement companies, and we just can't compete. The children just aren't interested in old places like this. The skee-ball, Big Bertha's show plaza, the carousel they just don't care. They're bored by it. The world has moved on.

I know that each of you has put a lifetime into making Funland a success, and that's the hardest thing for me. Each of you will receive a generous severance package, followed by a pass to return to your home. Thank you for your service.

Mr. Funland
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Mar 2020 21:09
            
            Edit
+230)
Tags
Discuss (57)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            2020 IMOC
                      
              2020 暑期奧林匹亞數學研習營網頁
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chemistry
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Elogee Chamber
                      
              Ike for President
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ISTAR
                      
              International Society for Testate Amoeba Research
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

