                        

Item #:  SCP-5981

Object Class:  Edifice

Containment Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Each road leading into the supposed location of SCP-5981 has been closed off under the cover story that a chemical leak has rendered the area uninhabitable. Keyword Search Crawler #198 ( from the internet. The cadaver of SCP-5981-2 is to be kept frozen in the Cadaver Storage Sector of Site-19 for further research.

Description:  SCP-5981 is a fictional city, named  in fact, most subjects will not believe that SCP-5981 exists, and no future consequences will occur.

Subjects who both believe that SCP-5981 exists and attempt to visit SCP-5981 will disappear from reality shortly after entering SCP-5981's  without being informed of SCP-5981's existence will not find SCP-5981, but rather an abandoned Department of Transportation building. After subjects leave SCP-5981, they will often3 reappear in reality with memories of visiting SCP-5981. Occasionally, they will return with paraphernalia related to SCP-5981, designated SCP-5981-1. Some instances of SCP-5981-1 include:

T-Shirts with slogans such as 
Vials of nuclear byproducts.
Photographic and video media. These do not appear to be doctored, and show that  is a thriving suburban metropolis populated with mutated humans.
Negotiable U.S. currency, supposedly won in SCP-5981's many casinos.
Assorted paraphernalia from 
Irradiated rubble.
SCP-5981-2. See Incident Reports  for more information.

Aside from SCP-5981-2, none of the supposed mutants living in SCP-5981 have left the city.

Additional Notes:  The original propagation of SCP-5981 was in Season 13, Episode 7 of the animated sitcom Family Guy, titled . In this episode, main character Brian Griffin begins to date a woman who he later discovers has been mutated to have gills. In spite of this, Brian still resolves to continue seeing this woman. Brian and his family are later invited to visit the woman's family in SCP-5981. After several minutes of hi-jinks, mostly due to Brian's owner, Peter Griffin, having an infatuation with the city, the woman's father is revealed to have only invited the Griffin family in order to kidnap the family's baby, Stewie Griffin. The episode ends with the kidnapper being pushed into a nuclear reactor. This causes a nuclear explosion which destroys SCP-5981 once again, but not before the Griffins escape. A full video transcript of this episode can be found in Document 5981-GRIFFIN.

This episode was met with general acclaim, and internet searches for  appeared, providing bus tickets to, tours of, and paraphernalia related to SCP-5981. It is estimated that 200,000 civilians visited SCP-5981 before Foundation leadership realized that SCP-5981 was anomalous.

Seth MacFarlane, the executive producer of Family Guy, was forced to produce a statement asserting that SCP-5981 was not real and simply an element of fiction. In addition, the Foundation encouraged the removal of the episode in question from public distribution, under the pretense that it encouraged dangerous activity. After three months, it was determined that public knowledge of SCP-5981 was low enough that more aggressive measures could be taken to suppress it; see Special Containment Procedures  for current protocol.

Shortly after this incident, the staff and crew of Family Guy were interviewed by the Foundation for information on SCP-5981. Most staff members asserted that SCP-5981 was real, and that the episode was an attempt to shine light on a lesser known tourist destination. The sole exception was Seth MacFarlane, who explained that he had originally intended for the episode to be a homage to an earlier episode where the world of Family Guy was destroyed in a nuclear explosion, but the plot was modified by the writing staff due to fears of viewers not being able to recall the earlier episode.

However, when under hypnosis, MacFarlane revealed that he had been approached by a man clothed in black robes and a cone-shaped hood prior to the episode's conception. This man, who MacFarlane associated with a heavy sense of fear, instructed him to produce an episode about Nuke Town, specifically involving Peter Griffin murdering a resident by pushing them into a nuclear reactor. This memory had been suppressed via unknown means.

Addendum:  Incident Reports

Incident A - Georgia resident Paul ████████ did not return to reality after , explaining that ████████ had been killed due to a motorcycle accident. Attempts to trace the origin of this letter failed. A similar incident has occurred for all people who have not returned from SCP-5981.

Incident B - New Hampshire resident Jack ███████ was severely hurt in a showdown with one of SCP-5981's street gangs, but survived. Blood analysis of Jack ███████ after his visit to SCP-5981 showed an increased number of irradiated particles in his blood. In spite of this, no ill effects aside from gunshot wounds were noted.

Incident C - Cartoon Network, a television channel, created a contract with Radioactive Studios, an animation studio located in SCP-5981. Executives at Cartoon Network received a tape containing an entire season of , a cartoon revolving around three animated mutant dogs and their lives. This tape has since been seized by the Foundation.

Incident D - Nevada resident Mary █████ disappeared from reality for a record seven months, before returning pregnant. █████ had reportedly conceived a child with one of the  within SCP-5981. █████ was brought to Site-21 and the fetus was designated SCP-5981-2.

SCP-5981-2 lived for 33 minutes after birth, before perishing due to internal hemorrhaging and radiation sickness. It is of note that SCP-5981-2 was born with seven extra eyes and an additional organ resembling a liver. Genetic testing of the cadaver of SCP-5981-2 indicated three biological parents, none of which were Mary █████.

Incident E - During a wage dispute, a janitor pushed a plant worker into the nuclear reactor of SCP-5981's main power plant. This led to a chain reaction causing the power plant to detonate, destroying a large portion of SCP-5981's area. This incident killed seven politicians, including Senator Leopold, who was visiting SCP-5981 in order to offer the city a grant for improved research on radiation sickness. A cover story for the deaths of the politicians has been fabricated and released to the public.

Footnotes
1. The perpetrator of this nuclear strike is inconsistent between accounts. Approximately 37% of those surveyed state that the nuclear strike originated from the Soviet Union, 31% blame Cuba, 21% assert that it was an accidental nuclear detonation by U.S. military personnel, 5% blame Australia, and 2% blame the Daevite Empire, despite the fact that it did not exist at this point in time. Most surveyed are unable to produce geopolitical situations that would not only lead to this strike, but also not lead to a complete nuclear war.
2. Despite the fact that mutations of this sort are often fatal, most of these mutations are often profitable, such as the growth of new, fully functional limbs
3. The survival rate of SCP-5981 is approximately 98.5%, much higher than would be expected for a site contaminated with nuclear fallout.
4. Tentatively designated SCP-5981-A. The source of this website is unknown; the credit card for which the domain name was registered with was a burner, and the domain was registered under the name . SCP-5981-A has been taken down, and it has not appeared since.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Jul 2020 23:54
            
            Edit
+65)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            OzRadOnc
                      
              A collection of thoughts and notes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            airchair-ultralight-gliders
                      
              Building and flying the Goat and Bug style of airchair ultralight gliders
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Database Migration
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Icon Deposit
                      
              Design.Tutorials.Freebies
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

