                        

Item #:  SCP-2405

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  A copy of SCP-2405 is to be maintained by the Department of Information Technology in the Secure Foundation Network File System (SFNFS) at all times. Access to SCP-2405 is to be restricted to the current head of the SCP-2405 Automated Experimentation Project. As of Experiment-2405-279198, videos derived from SCP-2405 are to be screened by a Cognitohazard-Sanitizing Expert System (CSES) before being viewed by humans.

Description:  SCP-2405 is a MPEG-4 Part 142, renamed instances of SCP-2405, and instances of SCP-2405 whose metadata has been modified, but not by instances of SCP-2405 whose video data has been modified.

Without variation, SCP-2405 depicts a game of quizbowl5, being played on the stage of a lecture hall as the final match of a tournament. The games depicted by SCP-2405 can vary drastically in their participants, content, and, in less than 0.0005% of all cases, historical context. The contents of some games, if taken as fact, suggest that those games, if not nearly every game depicted by SCP-2405, take place in timelines which have diverged from Baseline history. Because of the extreme rarity of such games, they were discovered only through the SCP-2405 Automated Experimentation Project, in which recurrent neural networks were trained to identify dissimilarities with Baseline history.

SCP-2405 was identified on ██/██/2016 by PANOPTES, a Foundation web-crawler designed to analyze videos on video-uploading and file-sharing websites for non-deterministic content. SCP-2405 was found on and retrieved from █████, a popular file-sharing website, before it was removed from that website under Standard Cover E-3 (). Under the same cover, Foundation agents gained access to the databases of that website to determine the origin of SCP-2405, although no records that identified the uploader of SCP-2405 could be found. The discovery of the origin of SCP-2405 remains a priority in research concerning SCP-2405, as does the source of its anomalous properties.

OpenLog

CloseLog

Identification Number:  0

Comments:  The binary representation of an instance of SCP-2405 was copied to another file, but the instance of SCP-2405 itself was not copied by an operating system's copy and paste function. Thus, the resulting video file, which purports to depict the final match of the 2017 ACF Nationals tournament, did not maintain the anomalous properties of SCP-2405. Because it is believed that this file is a representation of the Baseline future, and the 2017 ACF Nationals tournament has not taken place as of the writing of this entry (██/██/2016), data describing the content of the video file from this experiment has been expunged due to concerns regarding causality.
附加记录：    

Identification Number:  135383

Comments:  First experiment in which divergent historical content was observed. The video depicted the final match of the 2017 ACF Nationals tournament, played between teams from the  leaving the overall outcome of the war unclear.
附加记录：    

Identification Number:  279198

Comments:  The video depicted the final match of the 2017 ACF Nationals tournament, played between teams from the University of Maryland and the University of Chicago. In a tossup about her, Dr. ████ █████, a Foundation memeticist, was said to be a  Describing research conducted by Dr. █████ in the field of counter-memetics, the tossup verbally gave a counter-meme said to be created by Dr. █████, followed by the meme it countered7. When tested on D-75500, the meme caused D-75500 to clap uncontrollably until he was given the counter-meme. After Experiment-2405-279198, mandatory screening by a CSES was implemented.
附加记录：    

Identification Number:  427028

Comments:  The video depicted the final match of the 2017 National Jinshi9.
附加记录：    

Identification Number:  552071

Comments:  The video depicted the final match of a competition between two groups identified as the Kara and Söŕ clans. All questions were given in a language resembling Proto-Turkic, with loanwords from Siouan languages. Said language has not yet been completely translated by Foundation linguists, but linguistic analysis of the questions suggested that they concerned animal husbandry, migration patterns, raids on other nomadic peoples, and shamanic knowledge. A violent dispute erupted in the middle of the match between two players over differences in their clans' shamanic teachings, resulting in both players being summarily expelled. The  in which the match took place was not part of a building, but was instead a large tent erected on a field.
附加记录：    

Identification Number:  759409

Comments:  The video depicted the final match of an unnamed tournament, played between teams from the  The distribution of the questions completely eschewed literature, fine arts, history, and science (with the exception of nuclear physics) in favor of agriculture, mechanics, military science, and elocution. No electrical appliances were visible in the video, and the room was lit by gas lamps. No written words, writing implements, or writing surfaces were visible in the video, and unlike nearly all previous videos, the questions were not read by the moderator, but recited from memory.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Commonly known by the filename extension .mp4.
2. Notably, this is not true for copies of instances of SCP-2405 created through other methods.
3. An academic competition played using a lockout buzzer system, in which two teams of up to four players compete to answer  questions. Interruption of the question is allowed, so that deeper knowledge about the topic in question is rewarded. After a player answers a tossup correctly without conferring, their team will be given a three-part bonus question, with varying difficulty between the parts, on which conferring is allowed. If a player does not answer a tossup correctly, their teammates will be not allowed to attempt to answer the question.
4. Twenty tossups, twenty three-part bonus questions.
5. The ACF is the leading collegiate quizbowl organization, which organizes several annual competitions.
6. American socialist politician of the early 20th century.
7. When Dr. █████ was interviewed, she stated, 
8. The highest possible rank achievable in the civil service examination system of Imperial China.
9. A land in Chinese mythology described as being east across the Pacific Ocean, which in this divergent historical context likely refers to North America.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 11:38
            
            Edit
+88)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Sandbox
                      
              Réservé aux auteurs et traducteurs du Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ΔΗΜΟΣΙΑ ΚΕΝΤΡΙΚΗ ΒΙΒΛΙΟΘΗΚΗ ΛΕΒΑΔΕΙΑΣ
                      
              Levadia Library
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            База данных Backrooms
                      
              Оглядывайтесь почаще...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Estudiantes de economía de la uned
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

