                        

An instance of SCP-5348 ordered at Ambrose SanFran

Item #:  SCP-5348

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Any instances of SCP-5348 obtained are to be sufficiently diluted and disposed of under non-anomalous refuse or composting procedures. Undercover agents may dispose of SCP-5348 instances via consumption or other non-standard forms at their own discretion.

Any documentation regarding SCP-5348 outside of Foundation custody are to be destroyed or confiscated. A copy of the recipe for SCP-5348, as written in Ambrosia,1 is currently stored as Document 5348.2 at the Site-15 non-anomalous Document Storage Wing.

Description:  SCP-5348 is a soup entrée produced by Ambrose Restaurants, listed on the menu as . Appearing similar to a traditional cream of mushroom soup, SCP-5348 consists primarily of goat cream and grated chanterelle mushrooms.

When consumed, SCP-5348 causes feelings of warmth, relaxation, and other sensations generally considered . The amount eaten to trigger this effect varies for each individual, though it has been shown to be around one half of the serving size described in Ambrosia (1±.23 liters)

When measured with a handheld EMF meter, SCP-5348 releases a constant wave of 11.9 mG, though no further magnetic effects have been found.

Addendum 1: 

The following letters were discovered in a drawer in a raided Ambrose Restaurants location.

Dear Charlie,

I know you're doing your own thing with the magic stuff, and I know I haven't exactly been supportive, and I'm sorry. You have every right to be mad at me, but please… come visit Mom when you get a chance. She's not doing well, and I don't know how much longer she has. I'm sure you're busy, but this could be the last time, and

I don't know. Please just come home.

Your bro,

Matthew
附加记录：    

Charlie,

Mom says thanks for the casserole you sent. It smelled beyond horrible, but I think she was happy enough to hear from you that she ate it anyway. I don't know if it was because it was magic or just awful, but it stunk up the whole damn hospice, and the nurses still give me dirty looks. She seemed to perk up a bit, I guess.

Look, man: She appreciated it, but just show up. Half an hour, that's all it'll take to make her day, okay?

Matthew.
附加记录：    

Chaz,

I know what you're doing. Every time you send food it has that same awful smell. I had the staff sanitize the whole room, but it still stinks like the shit you shake out of a lawnmower bag.

Every time you send another tin of cookies or fruit medley or whatever the fuck it is you're feeding her, she gets a little better for a while. A little stronger.

And then she gets worse. Whatever you're giving her isn't working, Chaz. Stop with the goddamn enchanted chicken nuggets and visit your goddamn mother while you still can.

–Matt
附加记录：    

She died last night. She kept asking where you were.

I hope you're happy, you piece of shit.

–Matt
附加记录：    

On top of these letters was an unaddressed envelope, attached below.

Mattie,

She would have wanted it this way.

–Chaz
附加记录：    

A copy of Document 2 was attached.

Document 2:  Excerpt from Ambrosia

Equipment:

Large stock pot
EVE Siphon2
Stand mixer

Ingredients:

2 quarts chicken broth (Recipe on pg. 37)
1 pound chanterelle mushrooms, roughly chopped
1 large shallot
300 grams goat butter, chilled
6 tablespoons all-purpose flour
15 Kj of Elan-Vital energy from the specter of Michelle Ambrose

Any benevolent spirit works, though they must have been properly marinated with Ambrose Restaurants Soul Bouillion®

A Note From Chaz:

My love of cooking started at a young age, and my mother is to thank for that. While my father was often, my mother spent hours sitting with my brother and me, cooking delicious meals and laughing until our bellies hurt. I truly believe her greatest joy was in feeding others, and with her passing, I wanted to keep that dream going. So I sincerely hope all of you will enjoy Mama Ambrose's Creamy Mushroom Bisque– it's a true family recipe.

Here at Ambrose Restaurants, we know nothing hits the spot like some good hearty soul food.

Footnotes
1. A cookbook released by GoI-116, Ambrose Restaurants
2. Commercial name for the Marshall Carter and Dark brand , a paratechnological appliance which absorbs energy from spirits, distilling into a pure EVE liquid.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Nov 2020 00:17
            
            Edit
+40)
Tags
Discuss (7)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP繁體中文沙盒
                      
              發現，發掘，發佈
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chrysalis
                      
              A Final Fantasy Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Extra Bees
                      
              Plugin for the Forestry Mod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP日本財団中枢資料室。
                      
              収用
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

