                        

Item #:  SCP-3487

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3487 is to be be kept in soft restraints in a standard containment room at Site-179. In the event it must be relocated, it must not be led to its new destination but physically moved by a member of personnel. SCP-3487 must be watched at all times via security camera to ensure a fast response when it breaches containment, focused on preventing the object from moving. Researchers are permitted to use reality / temporal stabilisers during testing, as otherwise test results are unable to be noted, appearing to have always been the case.

Description:  SCP-3487 is a member of the species Felis catus, weighing 3.3kg and measuring 45.0cm in length from nose to tail. Despite having been in Foundation custody for all of known Foundation history, standard tissue testing repeatedly confirms it has physical and biological attributes consistent with that of an 8 month old member of its species and as such, its true age is unknown. SCP-3487 displays a similar resilience against physical harm to other house cats, though it is capable of accelerated regeneration and regrowth of all parts of its bodily structure given time. Due to the latter, it is hypothesised that SCP-3487 cannot die.

SCP-3487’s primary anomalous property manifests when it moves. When this occurs, SCP-3487 will in actuality stay completely still (as measured relative to celestial bodies other than Earth), but will rewrite known history such that it has always been at its current location (see SCP-3487 Movement Events). It is hypothesised that the Foundation was not originally founded with SCP-3487 as one of the first objects in containment, but that it managed to find a way into Site-179 and rewrote history to accommodate this. The anomalous effects of SCP-3487 do not manifest if it is not moving of its own volition, and thus it can be transported without issue. Moving of its own volition includes walking, but also boarding man-made transport (e.g. elevators, cars) of its own free will. It is unclear if (after having boarded willingly) SCP-3487's effects will manifest if it becomes unwilling to remain while the transport continues to move.

Though it is unclear how its effects manifest when it is not moving, SCP-3487 has breached containment multiple times by changing history such that it was never in restraints, or by rendering the restraints easily escapable. It may also change minor elements of personnel history to facilitate its attempts at breaching containment. It is unknown if SCP-3487 controls the changes it makes, though testing has shown no difference in intelligence from a regular house cat.

These historical changes cause the butterfly effect, though this effect appears to be somewhat muted considering the expected results of some of these changes. Despite this muting, there remains a significant risk of an object-caused CK-class restructuring event, with an immeasurable number assumed to have already taken place pre-containment to establish present-day consensus reality.

Addendum :

+Events

-Events

This is a log of several history restructuring events catalogued to date, created using Foundation data analysis and temporal / reality stabilisers. It is not intended to be a complete list, nor is it possible to create one due to the nature of SCP-3487.

Event 1 

Movement:  3 metres north

Historical change:  Meteor impact to Earth approximately 2 million years ago, causing a slight change in its rotational velocity. This results in the object's destination in the present day  3 metres south, right under it.
附加记录：    

Event 2 

Movement:  5 metres down

Historical change:  Seismic event added to Earth approximately 3000 years ago, resulting in the ground surrounding SCP-3487 moving 5 metres up.
附加记录：    

Event 3 

Movement:  None observable

Historical change:  Buckle in soft restraints changed to have been fastened incorrectly, enabling SCP-3487 to slip out and breach containment.
附加记录：    

Event 4 

Movement:  None observable

Historical change:  Onsite electrician Jody Ortega has personal history changed to have missed a class in her education, resulting in improper installation of the security camera.
附加记录：    

Event 5 

Movement:  10m south-west

Historical change:  Earth's formation process changed slightly to facilitate a slightly different orbit around the sun, ground underneath SCP-3487  10m north-east in the present day as a result. Additionally, restraints are changed to have been made defective. Finally, Researcher Kim's personal history was edited to not have gotten enough sleep, therefore leaving the door open to SCP-3487's containment and facilitating a containment breach.
附加记录：    

Event 6 

Movement:  2km (direction unclear due to significant changes to Earth)

Historical change:  Formation timeline of Earth changed, separation of Pangea changed. This results in changes to Earth's magnetic field and structure, though none detrimental to current human existence. Presumably for SCP-3487 to be able to cross a man-made gap, [DATA EXPUNGED] breaches containment in the past, killing ancestors of those responsible for the gap's creation.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:25
            
            Edit
+94)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot URL shortener
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dawn of a New Age Wiki
                      
              A Custom Fantasy Setting
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Centre de Recherche
                      
              Saméliorer, Corriger, Partager
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Himetop
                      
              The History of Medicine Topographical Database
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

