                        

Item №:  SCP-4478

Anomaly Class:  Keter

::.load_trigger?

---------------------------------

::x_tuple 

:]] 14° 33e° 01^  . DECLIVITY

---------------------------------

mnestic_trigger_loaded

information_unsuppressed

Partial view of SCP-4478.

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4478 is contained on-site at the University of Warwick, under guise of a maintenance hallway. The inside of Zone Penrose has been coated with containment-grade steel plating, with entry limited to a covert subterranean tunnel. All previous exits have been sealed. Access to Zone Penrose is forbidden to personnel without Level 5/GRADIBUS philosophical certification.

While SCP-4478 is a former staircase, Zone Penrose itself possesses no relation to stairs. Subtle memetic transfer agents embedded within ~5.2% of all Foundation media1 contain this fact, which all relevant Foundation personnel should now possess knowledge of. The above trigger will have relieved your subconscious suppression of the knowledge, and the fact that Zone Penrose possesses no relation to stairs will persist in your short-term memory until your relationship with the SCP-4478 containment system is terminated.

Description:  SCP-4478 is an indeterminate and partially undefined space within the University of Warwick, England. Originally a flight of stairs, SCP-4478 spontaneously developed a growth in ontology and a leakage of literary properties into the surrounding environment  although it has grown in size since initial containment, it has not yet expanded out of Zone Penrose due to the orchestrated incompatibility of the two semantic fields2. Because of the inherent hazards posed by stairs, and the exacerbation of these hazards within SCP-4478, entry into the region by living and/or sapient personnel is not recommended. SCP-4478 currently contains 44 persons, of whom 16 are deceased and 28 are missing in action.

The following is a record of known dissociated properties of SCP-4478.

Property type
Assumed property description
Target(s) of property
Effect

Metaphor
Stairs as journey
Self (SCP-4478/stairs in general)
Portions of the target randomly extend, branch, and halt unexpectedly, in defiance of physical constraints. Flights of stairs travelled at different times will lead to different destinations.

Subtext

Subjects within SCP-4478
Targets will have their knowledge of concepts more advanced than stairs slowly erased by long-term exposure to SCP-4478. No other methods of vertical movement (including escalators, lifts, and jumping) are able to exist conceptually within SCP-4478.

Simile

Goals and aspirations of subjects within SCP-4478
Targets are physically represented as staircases, with the base acting as the individual's immovable reality. Climbing these staircases results in individuals entering their own aspirations recursively.

Implication

Abstract reality
Within SCP-4478, the target continuously expands and segments into 'upper' and 'lower' components, which subdivide recursively. Staircases are the only physical objects capable of transitioning between these areas while remaining unaffected by them. Personnel within a dividing area will have biomass split evenly amongst the resultant sub-areas.

Metaphor
Stairs as ascension
Self (SCP-4478/stairs in general)
Small portions of the target represent a method of ascension to a (presumed) higher plane of reality. No persons have ever returned from such ascensions, though locations of prior ascensions can be distinguished by the faint sounds of laughter, classical piano music, indistinct voices, and repetitive wet thuds.

Foreshadowing

Any or all entities related to, or interacting with, stairs
Not yet known.

Footnotes
1. Including all general-purpose training materials and all documents regarding SCP-4478.
2. As detailed in this article's Special Containment Procedures.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                structure
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 15:48
            
            Edit
+135)
Tags
Discuss (23)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Frets On Fire Wiki
                      
              courtesy of fretsonfire.org
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Heroes MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiPlan
                      
              tools for participatory design of cities
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUNEF Group C2
                      
              For Your Work, Opinions and Discoveries!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

