                        

Item #:  SCP-934

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Containment Area 934-1 has been established in a 5km radius around SCP-934, under the cover of supposed chemical contamination. Armed, undercover guards must be on station around the perimeter at all times, and any civilians attempting to enter the area or gain access to SCP-934 must be detained and questioned.

Description:  SCP-934 is the lighthouse near [DATA EXPUNGED] on the valley property and estate of the late Dr. █████. Dr. █████, a renowned scientist, had the functioning lighthouse built on his property at great expense despite the inland location nearly 65.

SCP-934 was discovered following a routine investigation of Dr. █████'s property by Foundation agents following his disappearance on or about █/██/19██, due to his former involvement with [DATA EXPUNGED]. The area was locked down and current containment procedures established following Incident Zero, which resulted in the loss of the entire investigation team.

Every seven (7) days, the area surrounding SCP-934 becomes shrouded in a dense fog that obscures all view of SCP-934 and the surrounding estate within a radius of 2km, hereby known as the Red Zone. During this time, SCP-934 becomes active and emits a strong beam of light consistent with a normal lighthouse of similar design. This fog appears to have anomalous properties, causing all electronics within to behave erratically or malfunction and blocking radio signals. Furthermore, no personnel who have entered the Red Zone during a period of fog have ever been seen or heard from again. The fog period of SCP-934 persists for approximately 24 hours before the fog dissipates and the lighthouse ceases function.

Addendum 934-01:  Incident Zero (Initial Exploration Log)

Following the disappearance of Dr. █████, a five-man Foundation team was dispatched to investigate his estate and property and secure any possible [DATA EXPUNGED]. Excerpts from the transcript of radio traffic follows:

0645L

T1-Lead : This is Lead, we have arrived on site. No sign of anyone in the area.

Command : Copy. You are clear to proceed with the mission.

Sound of door opening.

T1-Lead : Command, we have entered the manor. The area is clean, like it has been dusted within the last day.

Command : Lead, that is not possible. The manor has been under observation for a month, and there has been no sign of anyone entering or exiting the-

T1-Lead : Command, Command, someone just turned on the lights!

Command : That's impossible, there's no power being fed to the house. Team One, you are weapons-free, I repeat, you are weapons-free at this time.

T1-Lead : Roger, Command. We are weapons-free.

Sounds of weapons being loaded and readied.
附加记录：    

0653L

T1-Lead : Command, Lead. There appears to be hot food set out in the dining room. I count nine- no, ten places set. The fireplace is lit as well. We have not seen anyone in the manor or surrounding area.
附加记录：    

0711L

Command : Command to Team One, we are aborting your mission at this time. Exit to Point B, backup will be arriving in one hour.

T1-Lead : Copy, Command. Wait, there appears to be some kind of [static] rolling in.

Command : Say again, Lead?

T1-Lead : [static] appears to be some kind of fog [static] Command?

Command : Lead, you are breaking up.

T1-Lead : [static] is on, I repeat the [static]

Command : Team One, get clear of the house! Do you read me?

T1-Lead : [static]

Command : Team One, do you read me? Team One?

End of Transcript (Contact Lost) - 0712L
附加记录：    

Approximately 24 hours after contact was lost with Team One, the fog dissipated and a second team was dispatched. Team Two found the manor and lighthouse completely abandoned in a state of extreme disrepair inconsistent with the reports of Team One. A thorough search of the manor turned up the clothing and equipment of the Team One members, folded neatly and stacked in the center of an empty second-floor room. The batteries of all of their electronic equipment had been completely drained, and recording media and memory cards were empty.

Team Two's search of the lighthouse turned up only broken lighthouse equipment and empty rooms, although Team Two members reported being able to hear a faint buzzing or static that persisted for several days after leaving the area.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 13:24
            
            Edit
+110)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Extension
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Join this Site!
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Socjobs2011
                      
              Sociology Job Market 2010-2011
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            jQuery EasyUI
                      
              easyui help you build your web page easily!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

