                        

Item #:  SCP-1241

Object Class:  Neutralised (formerly Safe)

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1241 is to be overridden with a localised signal produced by Transmission Stations 1241-a and 1241-b, broadcasting a pre-recorded series of television programmes. A cover story regarding the production of SCP-1241 by a local studio has been circulated in case of containment failure. In order to continually monitor the content of SCP-1241, an apparatus is to be maintained to isolate and record it. Please refer to Document 1241-B for further information.

Update: As of 2011-08-09, SCP-1241 has no active containment procedures. A story describing the bankruptcy of the responsible party referenced in a previously released cover-story has been released. The area is to be continually observed for any signs which could indicate a recommencement of SCP-1241 activity.

Description (prior to 2011-10-23):  SCP-1241 is a television broadcast transmitted in a roughly 8 x 8 kilometer area in [REDACTED], Texas, USA; the programme manifests every week on Tuesday at 23:30, for an average of 20 minutes. Analysis of the signal has revealed it to be inconsistent with standard television frequencies, and attempted replications of the broadcast outside of the original area have failed to transmit it coherently. It is not normally possible for standard televisions to coherently play signals of SCP-1241's frequency or strength.

SCP-1241 resembles a television programme of the situational comedy genre. The broadcast consists of multiple episodesLivin’ With Lupes”. None of the named people or the individual portraying the character of  have been successfully identified: the majority of names are associated with persons not working in an entertainment-related career. For a detailed transcription of the names and lyrics provided in said opening, please refer to Document 1241-C.

The behaviour of the entities featured in SCP-1241 has inconsistently varied between typical canine and more humanoid behaviour with each episode.

Summarised Document 1241-A:  The following is a selection of notable examples of SCP-1241.

Episode: 1, .

Summary: The “Lad” character is introduced, shown shopping in a retail store. The character encounters “Martin Wilkinson”, one of the canid organisms. Dialogue between the two characters then ensues, during which the Lad character mentions that he is looking for a residence. The Martin character states that he is renting a room in an apartment complex, but is looking for a room-mate.

Upon later accepting the offer made by “Martin” after some deliberation and arriving at the complex, the Martin character reveals that the remaining canid entities are also living in the residence. The episode ends with a close shot of  displaying shock.

Additional Notes: Excerpt of dialogue between “Lad” and “Martin”.

Martin: “I had a cousin who was a talking hamster.”

Lad: “Oh, really? Where is he now?”

Martin: “Dead. He joined the IRA and someone ate him.”
附加记录：    
附加记录：    

Episode: 3, “Dog Eat Dog World”.

Summary: Follows several attempts made by the Martin character to seek employment after resigning from an office job, as a result of a younger individual being promoted to a higher-paid position for the third time this year.” The character subsequently briefly gains jobs in several low-skill areas including reception, a janitorial position and clerical duties in a public library. During the first fifteen minutes, the character is dismissed from each for various reasons, including repeatedly arriving late, ineptitude and consuming a live chicken in front of several children.
附加记录：    

Episode: 14, “Big Wolf Blowing Down”.

Summary: Follows the main characters coping with an unnamed hurricane predicted to affect their area of residence. The latter half of the episode focuses on their behaviour while made to remain inside due to the event. Notably, the video during this period is blurred and shaky, and the majority of the dialogue does not appear to relate to the given premise (see below), instead describing a device of undisclosed function which appears to be at risk of becoming damaged.

Additional Notes: Excerpt of dialogue between “Lad” and an un-named canine character (referred to here as “Unnamed”):

Unnamed: 

Lad: 

Unnamed: 

Lad: 

Unnamed: 
附加记录：    
附加记录：    

Episode: 15, untitled (the opening sequence was not present).

Summary: 19 minutes and 32 seconds of footage depicting two malnourished domestic dogs (one Dalmatian and one Great Dane) lying down in a cage. The episode terminated at 22:59 with little change in the animals’ activity, camera position or camera angle throughout.
附加记录：    

Incident 1241-1:  On 2011-05-02, SCP-1241 failed to be detected at its regular time. SCP-1241 was not found to be active in the subsequent two weeks.

On 2011-05-17, a rented space in ███████████████, Canada was investigated by its landlord following a failure of the individual renting it (one ███████ ██████) to make regular payment. Due to the items discovered within the residence, follow-up enquiry was later made by Foundation personnel after the landlord attempted to contact local authorities. The contents of the locale were found to be:

Four large dog crates.

The remains of six dogs of various large breeds and a human subject (later identified as Mr. ██████), all showing damage consistent with roughly two weeks of decomposition and partial consumption (varying between specimens).

Electronic equipment, primarily consisting of that used in recording and broadcasting, including: a Panasonic-brand video camera (non-functioning) and tripod stand, a playback video monitor (non-functioning), a Boom operator and a VHS recorder/player labelled “OUTGOING EPISODES” (non-functioning).

A surviving male Weimaraner specimen, displaying signs of severe deformity and malnutrition. The subject expired within an hour of being removed from the locale despite attempted medical intervention. An autopsy carried out shortly after revealed that part of its skeleton had been replaced with bones of a distinctly humanoid structure, primarily around its jaw, skull and legs.

SCP-1241 was declared Neutralised on 2011-08-09.

Footnotes
1. 15 at time of neutralisation.
2. The name of the aforementioned man is given as “Lad”.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 May 2018 20:18
            
            Edit
+302)
Tags
Discuss (104)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Philosophia UAM
                      
              Wiki studentów filozofii UAM
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EIME Projects
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Porphyra Roleplaying Game
                      
              Always a Work-In-Progress
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CycloDS Revolution
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

