                        

 

Forum
         Per Page Discussions / Per page discussions
 SCP-3823

Started by: Wikidot

Date:  03 Oct 2018 00:07

Number of posts: 4

RSS: New posts

This is the discussion related to the wiki page			SCP-3823.

Unfold All 
Fold All
 More Options

Lock Thread
Move Thread

    
        
            

      
    
                      

Fold

Dancing in the sweet moonlight

03 Oct 2018 00:09

My first go at writing a proper SCP. I've done half-complete drafts that go nowhere before, but this is the first one I've properly posted. Came up with the idea when I saw the shoes in the pictures on an afternoon walk. Took the pictures that day too.

I'd like to thank some people who don't actually have site accounts for looking over this and pointing out errors and such, because I'm a bit too nervous to touch the forums right now (for what is probably no good reason!). Should probably actually do that next time.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
03 Oct 2018 00:09

 
                
                	

        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

Really neat!

03 Oct 2018 00:21

I really liked the idea of sentient shoes, other than some collapsible tab to make it look neater it was well done in my opinion. Keep up the good work.

Doctor North was here. Just don't let South know, or East.never tell East.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
03 Oct 2018 00:21

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

03 Oct 2018 04:35

I really enjoyed this. A great read that leaves me wanting know more. It was wise to keep the reasons of the couple’s ritual private. It adds a very human touch to something other worldly.

It is nice to think the Foundation is playing music for a happy couple. And that they regard the otherworldly music as enjoyable, considering it is the Foundation that is the secret monster in this article waiting for a reason impose their form of order on something innocent.

If I had any input at all, it would be to play the Foundation with an increasingly sinister tone as the article progresses, as if the darkness of the Foundation is the boogeyman while these sneakers are revealed to be harmless. Though I would hate to upset the strong pacing the article enjoys.

Wonderful work.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
03 Oct 2018 04:35

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

07 Oct 2018 16:54

The image is horrendous enough to immediately break immersion - they can't be arsed to take a decent picture for the file photo for a catalogued anomaly? - and thus earn a downvote before I can even dig into it.

You can easily find site-compliant photographs by searching here: https://search.creativecommons.org .

Having read it, the SCProcs seem needlessly intrusive and conspicuous. It seems way more noticible to have to block off an area of land once weekly, and all the while justifying it through various means, than to simply fence it off.

Beyond that, I do like to think that there is a little fridge horror at play here. In my mind, the reason they keep their shoes so high up because in their reality - despite the overwhelming number of similarities to us - they're really these gangly, frightening stretchy-limbed horrorsbut if this is supposed to be the takeaway, there's really only the faintest whiff of something being wrong here - I think it'd need another editing pass to bring that slightly more to the fore if indeed that is the intent.

Last edited on 08 Oct 2018 02:25
by Shaggydredlocks
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
07 Oct 2018 16:54

 
                
        
            
 

        
    

New Post

Permanent Link
Edit
Delete

/forum/t-7764425/scp-3823#post-

                    

                    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                forum
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Nov 2020 06:16
            
            Edit
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Obsidian Conflict Map Database
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox SCP L. Alex
                      
              Et northographe !
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Developer Help
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Morningside Genetics
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

