                        

Item #:  SCP-2199

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2199 is in a standard Wildlife Observation Chamber, located within Site-77. Listening devices are attached to the hump on a permanent basis, in order to observe the interior of its body. Exploratory testing has been suspended, due to the effect that repeated testing had on SCP-2199's health.

Description:  SCP-2199 is an adult male Indian Camel (Camelus dromedarius). The hump is hairless, and has the appearance of being covered in scar tissue.

Instead of being completely composed out of tissue fibers, the hump on SCP-2199's back is filled with water underneath a 10cm layer of fibrous tissue. This water is brackish, self-replenishing, and inhabits a volume roughly equivalent to the total biomass of SCP-21991. Despite the absence of any corresponding light sources, it contains ambient light.

A large number of small organisms, collectively designated as SCP-2199-1, inhabit this space. Each subgroup of SCP-2199-1 resembles a particular species of plant or animal native to an arid region, but has adapted or been heavily modified for small size and aquatic environments; many display extremely unusual body plans. While still superficially resembling their desert counterparts, all SCP-2199-1 instances are between 2 and 10cm long and the relative sizes of SCP-2199-1 subgroups do not correspond to the relative sizes of their unmodified relatives. Since direct examination of this ecosystem requires that SCP-2199 be anesthetized and its hump surgically opened, visual observation has been limited.

It is, however, possible to observe SCP-2199-1 from outside the hump by listening to their vocalizations and other audio traces. Regular monitoring of SCP-2199-1 is carried out almost entirely via audio, in order to minimize damage to SCP-2199 due to invasive testing.

Observed organism types within SCP-2199-1

Closest apparent ancestor
Description

Bark scorpion (Centruroides sp.)
Closely resembles a legless but otherwise normal bark scorpion. Rapid flicking movements of the tail are used for locomotion (propulsion, orientation control, and posture maintenance).

Ostrich (Struthio camelus)
Individuals are 3-4 an active hunter of algae and free-floating microflora.

Meerkat (Suricata suricatta)
Observed only once visually, these rare organisms are benthic detritivores, subsisting entirely on and within the layer of excreta and other detritus that accumulates gradually on the bottom of SCP-2199.

Texas horned lizard (Phrynosoma cornutum)
Resembles the detached head of the lizard, with supernumerary spines and no external locomotor appendages. Moves by launching its 10-cm-long tongue towards a prey animal, then retracting the tongue to pull itself and the prey together for consumption.

Western black widow (Latrodectus hesperus)
Has a single cephalothorax bearing several hundred long legs. The exoskeleton is entirely soft, permitting the body to undulate for jellyfish-like propulsion. The red  marking on the abdomen is a bioluminescent lure, used to attract smaller organisms within reach of the legs, which capture them and carry them into the large central mouth for envenomation and consumption. Preys primarily on other black-widow- and scorpion-type SCP-2199-1 instances.

附加记录：    

SCP-2199 was discovered outside of Cairo, Egypt in an abandoned desert ruin, with two near-human skeletons. In addition, the ancient remains of several other animals were discovered. The identified specimens include a horse, crocodile, abnormally large birds, and whale bones. The following script was found etched into the wall, translated from Latin.

The carrier/holder/ark has crashed, and we are truly lost/alone. There is nobody to inherit/take the last guardians/warlords of life, and they will be lost in time. This development is unfortunate, but inevitable/destined. They probably wouldn't have gotten along in this dead place.
附加记录：    

Since the discovery of SCP-3150 in 194█, no less than two similar entities to SCP-2199 have have been observed within SCP-3150-1. Investigation into SCP-2199's origins via SCP-3150-3 is currently pending review.

Footnotes
1. This is despite SCP-2199 containing normal internal organs

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jan 2021 06:26
            
            Edit
+54)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FakeProGaming Wiki Offical Website
                      
              FakeProGaming Wiki Offical Website
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-VN Sandbox
                      
              Khu vực thử nghiệm
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

