                        

Item #:  SCP-2215

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All collected instances of SCP-2215 are to be kept in a secure storage compartment at Site-82's low-risk containment wing.

Description:  SCP-2215 are a series of 900 x 1125mm cedar-wood arrow-shaped signs, mounted on simple metal poles, 1.5 meters in length. SCP-2215's anomalous properties manifest when a categorized anomaly contained by the group known as the Chaos Insurgency is vocally mentioned in their vicinity. If this occurs, an instance of SCP-2215 will swivel on its metal pole to face the direction of the SCP-2215 instance that is closest to the aforementioned anomaly. Additionally, a short description of said anomaly will manifest on the surface of SCP-2215. The descriptions produced by SCP-2215 are often either inaccurate, cryptically written, grammatically incorrect, nonsensical, or all four. SCP-2215 instances do not manifest their anomalous properties if an anomaly not fitting this description is mentioned in its vicinity- unconstrained anomalies, uncatalogued anomalies or anomalies contained or otherwise in the possession of other organizations or individuals will not activate its effects.

SCP-2215 was retrieved by Mobile Task Force Psi-7 (, and revealed the purpose of SCP-2215. Further investigation as to the meaning of this phrase and the sudden change in organizational pattern by the Chaos Insurgency is currently in progress.

Attempts to use SCP-2215 in order to retrieve other items held by the Chaos Insurgency have proven ineffectual. SCP-2215's descriptions were found to be of uniformly poor quality, and every new instance of SCP-2215 found was located so distantly from the items they were supposedly close to as to be virtually worthless as a means of locating them.

Addendum SCP-2215-A-1 : The following table contains notable examples of descriptions produced by SCP-2215, following the mentioning of items believed to be held by the Chaos Insurgency:

CI-held object (Foundation designations) 
Description 
Note 

CI-42
Turn left. Turn left. Turn left. Turn left.
CI-42 is a formless memetic agent believed to be transferable by observing the sun through a specific lens.

CI-78
Can't make an omelet without massacring a few billion people. Get to it.
CI-78 is believed to be a rubber frog, whose anomalous properties are limited to endlessly misquoting playwright Samuel Beckett in the voice of noted actor Vincent Price.

CI-91)
Row row row your foot gently down the stream. Poorly poorly poorly, kicks are but a dream.
CI-91 manifests as a partially-transparent, self-locomoting and extremely aggressive pair of steel legs with prominently muscular shins.

CI-101)
The soup-can man can do what he can.
CI-101 is a self-regenerating humanoid comprised entirely of red pottery shards. CI-101 is non-sapient and has never shown any particular desire to consume soup.

CI-143)
My father was a tree, my mother the sea, my brother a limping rooster. Who am I?
CI-143 is believed to have been forcibly neutralized by Global Occult Coalition personnel in ████

CI-156)
I told you about stairs bro. I told you dog.
CI-156 is a near identical variation of SCP-087. Notes found within CI-156 led the Foundation to believe it is a fan creation meant to emulate SCP-087.

CI-198)
You're already inside.
CI-198 is believed to be among the most potent anomalous objects in the possession of the Chaos Insurgency. It is a room-sized metal cage capable of permanently imprisoning any being, force or abstract concept inserted into it. Further information can be found in Document-CI-198/C

CI-213 ()
Don't look, but they're right behind you. Hah, made you look!
CI-213 is a Keter-class anomaly, stolen from Foundation custody in ████. CI-213 (a collection of legal documents) manifests as a group of 5-10 masked individuals who hunt down and execute those they believe has wronged the holder of CI-213. This is often done against the wishes of the holder of CI-213.

CI-249)
Do supercomputers dream of fraudulent baked goods?
The original description produced for this item was does supercomputer dreams of fraudulent bake good!

CI-314
1+1=2. I just blew your mind, scrub.
CI-314 is an anomalously finite version of the mathematical constant Pi.

Addendum SCP-2215-B-1  In order to gain information concerning the unusual behavior exhibited by the CI-affiliated operatives captured during the retrieval of SCP-2215, said operatives were housed in a communal cell and monitored. The following conversation was recorded briefly after.

CI-OP-1  (a dark-skinned man in his early forties): 

CI-OP-2  (a grey-haired woman, age indeterminable): 

CI-OP-1 : 

CI-OP-3  (a bald man in his late sixties): 

CI-OP-1 : 

CI-OP-2 : 

CI-OP-3 : 

CI-OP-1 : 

CI-OP-3 : 

CI-OP-2 : 

CI-OP-3 : (sighs) 

CI-OP-1 : (stares at CI-OP-3)

CI-OP-3 : 

CI-OP-2 : 

CI-OP-1 : 

CI-OP-3 : 
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Apr 2019 05:18
            
            Edit
+85)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The SCP Commune
                      
              Satirize, Collectivize, Politicize
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文明情报处
                      
              我们行走在沙滩之上，遥望那远处的星空
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Half Moon Bay Weyr
                      
              Join us at paper.mudmagic.com Port:2211
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ground Up Strength
                      
              A strength training site with lots of other stuff.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

