                        

SCP-3551-1 instances

Item #:  SCP-3551

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All non-inflated SCP-3551 instances are to be kept in Storage Locker-51 at Site-42.

Inflated SCP-3551-1 instances are to be kept in standard humanoid containment chambers, and their SCP-3551-2 instances confiscated and stored in Anomalous Weapons Locker-52. Guards assigned to SCP-3551-1 instances are to carry standard Foundation combat knives to ensure continued cooperation. SCP-3551-1 instances are to remain under the impression that any sharp object will result in their immediate fatality, and all recovered instances are to be led to believe in the ruse as well.

SCP-3551-3 instances are to be kept in a containment room with an airlock chamber which separate it from the rest of the facility. They are to be fitted with tracking devices. Due to the nature of SCP-3551-3 instances, sightings from civilian populations are to be viewed as a low priority.

Mobile Task Force Alpha-23 () are to track and intercept uncontained SCP-3551 instances.

Description:  SCP-3551 refers to a line of inflatable toy products which are designated SCP-3551-1 through 3 that are sold together. SCP-3551 come in packaging that identifies the product as  with a specific name of the items contained inside the packaging below it. It also comes with the following document:

Had an inflatable encounter of the third kind?

Well, now you can! You can take part in the conquest of Earth with Dr. Wondertainment's Inflatable Invasion  pack! Wow!

You can now build an army of invaders and conquer the Earth! See them fire their lasers and their UFOs soar across the sky! Hear the alien invaders speak and enjoy the light show from their cool blasters at night! Have fun that is out of this world!

All it takes is some air or helium and the fun begins!

Caution:  Dr. Wondertainment and associates are not responsible for any loss of sight due to misuse of the lasers.
附加记录：    

SCP-3551 anomalous properties do not occur until it is inflated with air or helium. When fully inflated, the object will remain inflated. This is due to the plug containing the air within the item sealing on its own, and therefore can not easily be deflated. The material the instances are comprised of is resilient to piercing, but is vulnerable to intense heat.

SCP-3551-1 instances have the appearance of a generic  though they are harmless and somewhat incompetent. Though instances are highly intelligent in some respects (see Incident 3551-01) despite being generally foolish and inept towards achieving their goal.

SCP-3551-2 are inflatable toy guns based on laser weapons from science-fiction media of the 1950s. On the packaging, they are referred to as  The items have external LED lights that light up when firing. Instances fire a weak red laser beam that is relatively harmless. Though shots fired repeatedly into the eyes, can cause temporary and long-term blindness. Wearing sun glasses can serve as adequate protection.

SCP-3551-3 instances are small and designed to resemble a  When inflated, subjects are capable of flight via unknown means around their vicinity, and light up with external LED lights at night. Instances have been shown to posses minor intelligence with a social capacity with one another, some forming groups with hierarchies. They would occasionally interact with SCP-3551-1 instances. Although, they prefer not to due to -1 specimens sometimes attempting to 'board' them.

The Foundation became of aware of the existence of SCP-3551 items from an investigation performed by the Unusual Incidents Unit of the FBI. Agents from the unit were investigating standard alleged sightings of UFOs (later confirmed to be -3 instances), and stumbled upon a warehouse containing crates of non-inflated and inflated instances. The UIU agents immediately reported the discovery to the Foundation. Since then, the Foundation has captured ███ instances.

Incident 3551-1:  On 5/18/██, a local television broadcast hijacking occurred at the town of █████ in Canada by SCP-3551-1 instances in an abandoned building. Four instances were responsible and are designated as A through D for the following transcript of the broadcast. For their actual designations and further information, request them from Dr. Pattinson.

+Transcript

–block

 

[Static fills the screen until becoming clear, revealing three SCP-3551-1 instances standing in front of a curtain]

A:  Attention Earthlings! Take us to your feeders!

B:  What? Zam, you air-headed fool, it's 

C:  Told you he wasn't ready, Poxy.

B:  Silence! You didn't tell me nothing!

D:  [Instance speaks from behind the camera] Uh, guys, we are broadcasting live to the humans.

B:  Oh, what an embarrassment. [Sigh] Attention humans of this dirt planet-

C:  It's mostly water than dirt really.

B:  [Brief silence and continues with a tone of agitation] Humans, we are coming and you will fall before the might of us. Resistance is futile!

A:  Yeah!

B:  Shut up! Anyway, the invasion is here! For those who sympathize with our soon-to-be rule, you may aid us and in reward you may serve us for all eternity. So yeah, submit or perish! After all, we have LASERS! The best in the galaxy!

C:  I wouldn't really call them the best. I think the accuracy is bad-

B:  Shush! They don't know that and neither do you! You are just a lousy shot, Krag.

C:  I would like to challenge that claim.

D:  Guys! We do not have time for this. We are losing transmis-

[Static fills the screen and scheduled programmings return]

 
附加记录：    

Incident 3551-02:  An SCP-3551-1 instance was lifted by a gust of wind and, panicking, landed in Site-██. Instance was interrogated and stated that it was  from a nearby hill. Instance was transferred to containment after it refused further communication.

Incident 3551-03:  A group of SCP-3551-1 instances accompanied by two -3 instances attempted to attack a pool party at ██████, California. Instances were apprehended by party-goers before being retrieved by Foundation agents.

Incident 3551-04:  During an unrelated investigation, Agent ██████ Pierce went to a scrap yard as a part of a lead and came across an SCP-3551-1 instance. The subject was found being used as a chew toy for the guard dog of the scrap yard, and it called for help while proclaiming surrender. Agent Pierce reported the discovery and recovery teams arrived. An interrogation with Mr. ███ ████, the owner of the property, revealed that he discovered the instance when it attempted to steal materials. Amnestics were given and the instance was transported to containment. During transport, it reluctantly thanked the recovery team and stated, 

Document 3551:  On 04/12/██, the following note was mailed to Site-██ along with addresses of storage warehouses containing untouched SCP-3551 instances.

To the SCP Foundation,

I wish to thank you for your efforts in collecting all my colorful little space invaders and associated products from the Inflatable Invasion pack. I see you have been having fun with them and I feel ashamed at discontinuing this line of product. I appreciate you giving them a nice home at your facilities and hope you manage to find them all, my dear collectors.

I have plans for perhaps a bigger and better, possible revival though we will have to wait and see. Until then, continue having interstellar fun.

Sincerely,

Dr. Wondertainment
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                unusual-incidents-unit
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:57
            
            Edit
+108)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Save Energy, Save Future
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AckySHINE MiniSites | Best of 2020
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

