                        

Item #:  SCP-2388

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The drive containing SCP-2388 should be kept in a Safe-class containment locker at Site-73. Affected computers should not be connected to external networks until the SCP-2388 program has been removed. Instances of SCP-2388-1, as well as any researchers interacting with them, should be provided with adequate ear protection.

When SCP-2388-1 subjects reach Stage 2, they should be restrained for their own safety. SCP-2388-1 in Stage 3 should be examined daily for damage accrued due to stress on autonomic functions.

Description:  SCP-2388 is an executable file named CRUISE.EXE. The original copy of this file resides on a lime green 2GB USB flash drive, with the file name handwritten on the outside in black marker. Attempts to view SCP-2388's code shows the letter A repeated 29,290 times, and adding or removing files from the flash drive has consistently resulted in error messages. If the drive is attached to a computer and the file is opened by a living human, the computer will install a copy of SCP-2388 onto the desktop in 15-30 seconds. This appears to function even on operating systems not usually capable of reading .exe files. Once the program is installed, both the computer and the individual who opened the file (hereafter referred to as SCP-2388-1) will be affected by related anomalous effects.

Affected computers will continuously run SCP-2388 in the background, using 29.29 however, this will not revert the anomalous changes to SCP-2388-1.

SCP-2388-1 subjects are affected in three stages, each lasting approximately 64 hours. During Stage 1 , subjects do not initially register any changes; however, after approximately six hours, subjects begin to notice a difference between the intended volume of their speech and the actual volume. This difference continues to increase over the course of Stage 1 until the subject's standard speech reaches 98-114dB, with commensurate increases in shouted and whispered speech. This risks damage to the subject's vocal cords, but significantly less than would be expected for sustained sound production at such a volume. Hearing, however is affected normally, and SCP-2388-1 subjects risk hearing damage from their own voice within a month of exposure without proper protection.

During Stage 2 , SCP-2388-1's physical movements will begin to be exaggerated. This is initially described as a minor inconvenience by SCP-2388-1, and  by observers. However, the exaggeration of movement increases in severity over the course of Stage 2, and SCP-2388-1 subjects risk muscle strains or tears from simple movements. Once Stage 2 is complete, normal flexion of the joints has an approximately 35% chance of causing tendon rupture.

During Stage 3 , autonomic functions of the body become exaggerated in a manner similar to physical movements. Minor heart palpitations can be noted after 6 hours. By the end of Stage 3, SCP-2388-1 subjects' heartbeats average 106 bpm. SCP-2388-1 subjects reports significant pain from minor contact with the body due to over-stimulation of the nervous system. While SCP-2388-1 subjects can survive under these conditions with proper care, natural fear and pain responses often elevate the heart rate above 200 bpm for significant periods, resulting in cardiac arrest and expiry of SCP-2388-1.

Addendum 2388-1:  The original copy of SCP-2388 was discovered during a raid on a warehouse suspected to house members of the anartist collective . No members of the group were captured, but the flash drive containing SCP-2388 was found plugged into the remains of a laptop, which had been destroyed via repeated strikes with a blunt object. The following note was found on an envelope nearby, written in black marker with the same handwriting as the label on the flash drive.

IF YOU HAVE TO KEEP ASKING, THE ANSWER IS NO.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. If a different letter is typed in place of the deleted letter, it is not automatically capitalized, but maintains the same chance of capitalization as before.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Jun 2020 13:05
            
            Edit
+54)
Tags
Discuss (40)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Patriot Box Office Media Player (PBO)
                      
              More Than Meets the Eye
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Obsidian Conflict Map Database
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Software Craftsmanship
                      
              A conference all about building it right
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sygnus Figment Registry
                      
              Where Writers Share Their Characters  Worlds
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

