                        

Item #:  SCP-2878

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2878 is to be contained within an airlocked Class 3 Destructive Entity containment cell. D-class personnel may enter the enclosure only as part of approved testing procedures. Non-expendable personnel are prohibited from entering the enclosure under any circumstances. All cleaning and maintenance is to be performed via non-autonomous drones.

UPDATE 27/07/20██: Any facility that houses SCP-2878 must have at least one Electromechanical Response Team on standby at all times. In the event that SCP-2878 breaches containment and immediate recontainment becomes unfeasible, it is to be summarily terminated by means of standard anti-mechanical ordnance.

Description:  SCP-2878 is a vaguely humanoid entity primarily constructed from 316 surgical steel and consumer-grade electronics. Entity stands at 3.2m when fully erect, but normally assumes a hunched posture. It resembles a distorted human in shape, with thick, elongated arms and torso and short, thick legs. While capable of bipedal locomotion, its primary mode of transport is “knucklewalking” using all four limbs. Forelimbs possess sharp, five-pronged gripping appendages retracted during locomotion. Exterior covering originally consisted of lacquered sheet steel but is presently 80% damaged or missing.

SCP-2878 exhibits human or above-human intelligence but distinctly non-human psychology. It possesses great proficiency in the areas of generalized logical reasoning and problem-solving as well as specialized knowledge of mechanical engineering and cybernetic augmentation. It communicative or recreational activity.

SCP-2878 is predatory and extremely hostile to humans, attacking on sight. Victims are pinned down and vivisected, having a number of their organs removed and prepared for transplantation. Discarded tissues are then externally processed into a semi-liquid slurry and consumed.

Human organs acquired in this manner are used to modify SCP-2878, replacing extant elements of its design. It displays a preference for repairing damaged or missing components but has occasionally been known to replace functional elements. As of 19/02/20██, the following biological modifications are visible:

The head of a Hispanic woman, approximately 30 years of age with brown eyes and black hair, mounted between shoulders. Lower jaw missing, massive scarring present. All senses appear to function normally. Immobile, excepting ocular muscles.
The skin of at least 7 individuals of varying age and ethnicity, covering areas where steel plating is absent.
A complex “stomach” composed of the combined digestive systems of at least 3 individuals and several unidentified mechanical components. Occupies most of torso interior. Intake just below head, no apparent means of waste disposal.
Two hearts engaged as pumps for a circulatory system connecting stomach construct to other biological components. Vascular fluid is significantly more viscous than human blood. Hearts show early signs of cardiomyopathy.
Nerve tissue slaved onto microprocessors throughout body.
Several complete legs replacing lower part of right hindlimb. Many display severe bruising and partial cell death as a result of damage sustained from supporting the weight of SCP-2878.

Addendum 1, Incident SCP-2878-B:  Following a safety violation on 21/07/20██, Junior Researcher Bhatia was caught and killed by SCP-2878. SCP-2878 then proceeded to integrate Dr. Bhatia's respiratory system, vocal chords and central nervous system2. Six hours following the death of Dr. Bhatia, SCP-2878 began making wheezing and screaming vocalizations. After 12 hours, the vocalizations had developed into monosyllabic grunts. After 48 hours, on-site researchers recognized vocalizations as garbled Spanish. Project supervisor Dr. G███████ was alerted and 50 hours after the incident, communication was attempted via drone-mounted radio. Transcript follows:

Note:  Translated from Spanish except as noted.

 

[SCP-2878 remains completely motionless throughout the conversation. Its speech is garbled and inconsistent, varying wildly in pitch and intonation.]

SCP-2878:  Remove, [unintelligible]

Dr. G███████:  Hello, SCP-2878. Can you hear me?

[SCP-2878 does not display any physical signs of having noticed the drone.]

SCP-2878:  Remain, lacerate, [unintelligible]. Dr. G███████.

Dr. G███████:  Excuse me, did you say my name?

SCP-2878 [in English]:  Help.

Dr. G███████ [in English]:  Help with what?

SCP-2878 [in Spanish again]:  Complete. Friend. Metal. Disgust.

Dr. G███████:  Can you give some indication that you understand me?

SCP-2878:  Dr. G███████. Dr. G███████. ███-███-████-███3.

SCP-2878 [in English, screaming]:  Help!

 

Dr. G███████ immediately ceased communications and notified Site Director K████.
附加记录：    

Addendum 2, Incident SCP-2878-B official response: 

Dr. G███████, in light of recent revelations regarding the nature of SCP-2878 and its potential as a security risk, the additional containment procedures you requested have been approved.

Appraisal of your other requests is suspended pending psychological evaluation. You have an appointment with Dr. Abalan tomorrow afternoon; SCP-2878 is scheduled for testing next Monday.

- █████ ████, Assistant Site Director
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. See Addendum 1
2. This marks the first occasion on which SCP-2878 has been observed to add entirely new components.
3. Dr. Bhatia's Project-Specific Personal Identification Number for SCP-2878

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 01:06
            
            Edit
+100)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            HSB Foundation
                      
              Hormresss Sandbox
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Kingsway EAP
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר בע
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Copernicon 2010
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

