                        

SCP-5060 as viewed from an SCP Foundation probe. SCP-5060's numerous satellites have been digitally removed.

Item #:  SCP-5060

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Physical containment of SCP-5060 is currently impossible. As such, Foundation efforts are to be focused on the reduction of public awareness of SCP-5060.

Foundation Operatives within the International Astronomical Union are to report on any ongoing scientific investigation into the star HD 4560. A Foundation-operated web crawler (I/O-APHRODITE) is to monitor online communities for discussions/media regarding SCP-5060. MTF Gamma-5 () is to investigate these discussions and provide needed amnesticization/cover-up on a case-by-case basis.

SCP-2117. Secondary mission objectives are pending approval contingent upon the inhabitants of SCP-5060 possessing interstellar travel.

Description:  SCP-5060 is a terrestrial exoplanet, roughly 0.95 times the radius and 0.9 times the mass of Earth, in orbit around the star HD 4560. The planet's atmosphere consists of carbon dioxide, nitrogen, argon, and sulfur dioxide, as determined by Foundation probes. Due to the density of the atmosphere, the planet's surface cannot be viewed via visible light from space. At the time of writing, attempts to land probes on the planet have uniformly resulted in the loss of communication with the probe upon entry of SCP-5060's atmosphere.

SCP-5060 has an unusually high number of satellites for its size, with 1260 total as of January 2020. Each satellite is roughly spherical with an average radius of 50km and is located within the synchronous orbit of SCP-5060. Every 15-26 years, SCP-5060 ejects or launches a new satellite via an unknown mechanism which settles into a similar orbit.1 As a result, it is believed that SCP-5060 hosts an extraterrestrial civilization of some kind.

Examination of these satellites via Foundation probes has determined them to be composed primarily of marble, granite, and quartzite coated in a transparent polymer. Each satellite contains a central hollow chamber. Remote excavation of these chambers has uncovered thousands of ferrous spheres placed within small cavities. These spheres contain a fine powder consisting of carbon, calcium, phosphorus, and other trace elements.

Use of Foundation probes occasionally provokes an aggressive response from SCP-5060 in the form of a 20kg ferrous slug fired at 0.1c. These attacks have the highest chance of occurring when excavation probes attempt to recover material from the satellites. To date, no probes have escaped or survived such an attack and the energy of the projectile makes later recovery impossible.

Attempts at establishing remote radio contact with the inhabitants of SCP-5060 have been met with failure, with no forms of telecommunication broadcasts detectable on SCP-5060's surface. Proposals for additional strategies to determine the technological/biological capabilities of SCP-5060's inhabitants are currently pending review.

Addendum: Update 03/03/2020 

At 0800 UTC Project Heimdall defense satellites detected incoming extraterrestrial bodies that proceeded to impact Earth within a period of half an hour. A series of 28 projectiles were recovered from several impact locations around the globe. These locations included:

Arlington National Cemetery
Brookwood Cemetery
The Great Pyramid of Giza
The Taj Mahal
Several cave systems in Indiana

Members of MTF Gamma-5 have been mobilized to reduce the public fallout following this barrage, with the cover story of a previously unknown meteor shower.

Examination of these projectiles found them to be similar to the ones launched from SCP-5060 at Foundation probes. Each projectile had a hollow center and contained one of the 27 Foundation probes previously believed to have been lost in SCP-5060's atmosphere. Additionally, the 28th projectile contained an iron copy of the Voyager Golden Record in which all imagery of humans are scratched out. An additional etching is present on the record in an indecipherable script. It is unknown how the inhabitants of SCP-5060 came into possession of this object, given that neither Voyager I or II have traveled within the vicinity of SCP-5060.

Analysis of the trajectory of the projectiles from data gathered by the Project Heimdall satellites has suggested their origin as the planet Venus. Attempts by Foundation assets to investigate the Venusian surface for potential colonies of the inhabitants of SCP-5060 have been met with similar failures as the investigation of SCP-5060, with loss of communication with probes upon entry into the Venusian atmosphere.

Footnotes
1. This has increased from an average of 8-14 years at the time of SCP-5060's discovery by the Foundation in 1956. To date, the longest observed gap between new satellite appearances is 35 years. The shortest gap between new satellite appearances has been 14 minutes, during a period in which seven new satellites appeared within a four-hour window.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 19:52
            
            Edit
+218)
Tags
Discuss (55)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            诸界之门
                      
              多元原创创作社区
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            jQuery EasyUI
                      
              easyui help you build your web page easily!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nimin Wiki
                      
              The best text-based mature RPG database that anyone can edit!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Machinima 138
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

