                        

Item#:  SCP-4136

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Information relating to SCP-4136 is to be suppressed on public and private platforms. Additionally, Foundation elements are to examine national and local health services for unusual reports of individuals experiencing a phenomenon similar to SCP-4136, along with local law enforcement reports from concerned parents regarding their child being stalked. If encountered, subjects are to be transferred to a Foundation front therapist service for future analysis. SCP-4136-2 instances are to be placed into containment at Site-43 Low Priority Wing-C.

Description:  SCP-4136 is a phenomenon among children between the ages of five and thirteen wherein individuals receive undisclosed information relating to the Nintendo Corporation or its subsidiaries, in addition to the appearance of SCP-4136-1. SCP-4136-1 often delivers this information through the United States Postal Service in addition to SCP-4136-2.

Subjects affected by SCP-4136 report that SCP-4136-1 is a biological uncle, despite having no previous interactions with said individual. SCP-4136-1's is described as a middle aged balding male at 1.5 meters tall, lacking any facial hair, with ethnicity varying based off location of manifestation.

SCP-4136-2 are modified Nintendo related products delivered to affected subjects in addition to undisclosed information. Instances are often hidden in subjects' rooms in obscure locations.

SCP-4136 was first discovered in 1985 following various reports from adoptive parents of their children interacting with an unidentified individual. Following this and other similar phenomena across North America, SCP-4136 was classified, and the Nintendo Co. was contacted along with localized branches.

Nintendo Co. has refused to cooperate with Foundation elements.

Addendum-4136.I  SCP-4136-2 instances 

SCP-4136-2 description
Notes
Attached documents

Two recent copies of Nintendo Power. Includes an additional five pages on a nonexistent Nintendo port of the Sega Genesis game Pauper: Rise of the Monster King.
N/A

Ghostbusters for the NES, one years prior to the creation of the film of the same name.
Ghostbusters theme plays only once before stopping.

Duck Hunt game manual. Contains handwritten notes describing how to skin various animals (ranging from mice to dogs). Instructional images included.
Few examples of non-anomalous SCP-4136-2 instances.

NES 'Zapper' accessory. Contains elongated human neural tissue (in lieu of circuitry). When used, subjects experience epileptic seizures that continue until physical or brain death. The accuracy of the device is imprecise and unreliable. The inaccuracy of the device has only increased over time.
DNA analysis indicates tissue belongs to multiple distinct persons.

Nintendo Entertainment System controller. Insides are filled with a variety of miniature human organs and bones. Subjects holding controller feel organs pulsating.
Attempting to open controller results in high-pitched screaming.

SNES 'Super Scope' accessory. All living creatures fired upon undergo an abrupt high-pressure inter-cranial eruption. Targeted tissue becomes weightless and floats in the air.
Originally used to kill thirteen bullies of recipient. Bodies are believed to have just entered the mesosphere.

Sega Genesis made entirely from the flesh of Minoru Arakawa, former President of Nintendo of America.1 When the components are opened up, Arakawa's face is visible, with the mouth acting as the entrance for the game, with two ports. It is unknown if Arakawa is sapient. Arakawa is capable of locomotion via flesh manipulation, often treading along the ground. Classified as Object-999.
Arakawa's vital signs suggest a long existence.
See Addendum.II .

Addendum-4136.II  Correspondence 

Subject-21, a nine-year-old child affected by SCP-4136 was asked by a Foundation therapist to write a letter to SCP-4136-1.

dear uncle

my thereapist told me to talk to you. i have been thinking for a long time about you, and i have never gained the trust to tell you. who are your parents? my mommy and daddy told me that they cannot remember your parents, and i tried looking into our family history and you arent there so if you could tell me who your parents are i would be happy cause its really bothering me

micheal
附加记录：    

Three days after this letter was written and placed into the mail, Subject-21 received Object-999.

The following note was attached.

my uncle from nintendo
附加记录：    

Future tests are pending.

Footnotes
1. Minoru Arakawa was discovered to have most of his chest's flesh removed from him on [REDACTED] after the Foundation interviewed him. Arakawa claimed he had always had the stitches, contradicting claims from colleague prior to his resignation in 2002.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:26
            
            Edit
+68)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Naruto Mush Rivalry
                      
              Ninja of the world, REJOICE!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Rhetorical Goddess Wiki
                      
              Because the Truth and That Which Resembles It Belong to the Same Capacity
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Story Chip
                      
              Become a part of history, share your story.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ecology, Mind,  Systems
                      
              Personal, Social, Cultural, Technological, and Ecological Explorations
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

