                        

 

Forum
         Per Page Discussions / Per page discussions
 SCP-5406

Started by: Wikidot

Date:  25 Jun 2020 21:59

Number of posts: 4

RSS: New posts

This is the discussion related to the wiki page			SCP-5406.

Unfold All 
Fold All
 More Options

Lock Thread
Move Thread

    
        
            

      
    
                      

Fold

Big Bucks for Big Ducks

25 Jun 2020 22:00

Crit Credit: Jacob Conwell

images

.

Images:

Site: https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:INDUSTRIAL_WATERFRONT_OVERLAID_WITH_SMOG_-_NARA_-_552187.jpg

Duck0: https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Rubber_Duck_and_Christmas_Tree_on_Maritime_Plaza_20131227a.jpg

Duck1: https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Rubber_Duck_in_Seoul,_October_14,_2014_(2).jpg

Duck2: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Epimenia_verrucosa.jpg

Duck3: https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gfp-beijing-summer-garden-palace-giant-duck-and-beijing-skyline.jpg

Duck4: https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Rubber_Duck_view_from_Keelung_Maritime_Plaza_20131227a.jpg

Reply  
Options

Unfold
25 Jun 2020 22:00

 
                
                	

        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

Junior Staff - Site Crit Post

26 Jun 2020 10:00

Hi there, I'm Doctor Fullham, and I will be giving your SCP a thorough examination. Let's begin.

You thought you could get away from my scrutiny by not having me crit this, hm? Well think again!

Youwhy:

Close

The Good

Honestly? Most of it. It's cute, it's intriguing, and it shows the Foundation utilizing anomalies to assist in local environmental efforts, something that the Foundation is not often shown doing, but is totally within my suspension of disbelief.

That being said, there were a few parts that caught my eye.
The Less Good

Observed instances range in size from approximately ten to twelve meters in length. The rubber ducks the instances reside within are identical in size, approximately eight meters in height and five meters in length,
附加记录：    

This part reads a bit odd to me. The second sentence starts as though it's suggesting the rubber ducks are the same size as the 5406 instances. Perhaps  would read cleaner.

Foundation investigative agents were sent to investigate the civilian company known as Fukuoka Fun Factory, for possible connections to the origin of the SCP-5406.
附加记录：    

I don't think the comma is needed here.

Through legal and financial litigation, the Foundation forced Fukuoka Fun Factory to sell their manufacturing
附加记录：    

?

The Solutions for Contaminative Petroleum Project is to organize public events in coastal regions heavily effected by petroleum-based pollution.
附加记录：    

.

Under no circumstances is the biological nature of SCP-5406 instance to be revealed and are to remain known as rubber duck floatation units housing a cutting-edge water purification system.
附加记录：    

You change verb plurality in this sentence without changing the subject. I would write this as 

'Flotation' is also misspelled, oddly enough. Is that really the proper spelling? Huh.

Keelung City, Taiwan (2)
Kaohsiung City, Taiwan (1)
Fukuoka, Japan (1)
Incheon, South Korea (2)
Yeosu, South Korea (1)
Seoul, South Korea (3)
Sydney, Australia (2)

附加记录：    

I don't see an explanation for what the numbers in parentheses mean here.
The Completely Subjective

and composed of a synthetic waterproof rubber.
附加记录：    

I think that 'waterproof synthetic rubber' reads a bit better.

Site-402 is located on the property formally housing Fukuoka Fun Factory's manufacturing facility,
附加记录：    

This same information is stated at the end of the previous paragraph. I think one of the two could be trimmed to make it less repetitive.

S olutions for C ontaminative P etroleum
附加记录：    

You are a damn genius.

Foundation front company S akura's C elebrations and P arades is to act as an intermediary
附加记录：    

Seriously how are you so good at coming up with these

In addition, portable restroom facilities, child-friendly attractions, alcohol vendors, as well as other local event-oriented businesses are to be employed.
附加记录：    

This reads a tad clunky, I would recommend replacing .

Due to the financial and ecological benefits of the program, Site-402 has been approved to continue operations until 2030, at which time its status will be reevaluated.
附加记录：    

2030 just seems a bit arbitrary. Don't financial reevaluations normally take place once every 5 or 10 years, not 12? Totally subjective, but just struck me as a bit odd.

The Wrap-Up

It's yet another Akimoto skip. Honestly, I cannot fathom how you manage to produce so many quality articles so quickly. I've crit a fair bit for you here and there, but this one slipped under my radar, so I thought it was only fair to offer my thoughts in a more official capacity. The narrative of the Foundation's interactions with the Japanese government is interesting, and the anomaly is not super complex or difficult to understand. It's an easy upvote for me despite the issues mentioned above, because they were minor enough to not really take me out of it.

SoullessSingularity, for any questions or concerns relating to this review.

Last edited on 26 Jun 2020 10:02
by Doctor Fullham
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
26 Jun 2020 10:00

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

+1

15 Jul 2020 04:05

Buh-buh-Bubberducky Bubberducky Bubberduck!

A-Bubberducky Bubberducky Bubberduck!

Reply  
Options

Unfold
15 Jul 2020 04:05

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

15 Nov 2020 13:33

Simple, short and shows the Foundation can think beyond . +1 

WARNING:  Possible non-entity found.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
15 Nov 2020 13:33

 
                
        
            
 

        
    

New Post

Permanent Link
Edit
Delete

/forum/t-13455926/scp-5406#post-

                    

                    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                forum
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Nov 2020 06:16
            
            Edit
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            the Paperworks
                      
              codename /pw/
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars - Galactic Unity
                      
              A community of Star Wars Sims in Second Life.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Extra Bees
                      
              Plugin for the Forestry Mod
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

