                        

Item #:  SCP-5036

Object Class:  Safe (initially presumed Neutralized)

Special Containment Procedures:  Each of the eight pieces of SCP-5036 is to be kept in a separate container, each at a minimum distance of 6 meters from the others. If during a breach of containment the pieces are brought together, they must be separated during the week following the Nμ-Event; during this period the anomaly is inactive and it is safe to handle its parts.

Description: 

SCP-5036 

SCP-5036 is a Campbellian archetypal attractor token, taking the form of a silver Real de a ocho coin minted in the late 17th century in the Viceroyalty of New Spain. The token has been radially cut into eight segments of roughly equal size, which segments are designated SCP-5036-1 through SCP-5036-8.

No anomalous effects result from assemblages of fewer than five of the segments.

If five or more of the segments are brought within a volume of space corresponding to a sphere with a radius of 15 meters, an archetypal narrative event (Nμ) will commence, affecting individuals who are then in or who subsequently enter into the area of effect. The intensity of the event increases as more of the segments are introduced into the area.

Most individuals affected by the Nμ-event experience a psychological compulsion to adopt certain behavior and mannerisms, such as:

Assumption of an accent and speech patterns resembling those prevailing in Bristol, England and the West Country in the early 18th Century;
Unusually intense interest in maritime matters, including the use of nautical terminology to describe non-nautical subjects;
Excessive consumption of alcohol;
Fixation on the acquisition of shiny metallic or crystalline objects, even if those objects are of nominal value such as costume jewelry, bits of foil glitter or sequins, or loose change; and
Flamboyant bravado.1

Some affected individuals may also seek to change their physical appearance or apparel such as by removing their footwear, covering a healthy eye with a patch, brandishing baton-shaped objects, and simulating prostheses for missing limbs or extremities.

Other affected individuals, while not exhibiting the same behavior described above, may also adopt altered behavior so as to adopt the personas of supporting characters in the narrative.

Addendum #1: 

MTF AFTER ACTION REPORT 5036-C-1 

SCP Involved:  SCP-5036

MTF Involved:  MTF Tau-10

Date:  September 19, 1995

Location:  Chicago, Illinois, USA

Background:  Command receives report of erratic and presumptively anomalous behavior aboard Chicago Transit Authority public bus. MTF Tau-10 is dispatched to area and ordered to observe and await further instructions.

At 08:22, MTF Tau-10 arrives on scene, disguised as road crew and firefighters. CTA bus with driver and passengers aboard is observed parked in bus lane of public road. Driver and passengers are provisionally designated CV-01 through CV-47. While maintaining minimum 50 signs and barriers to limit further civilian exposure to possible threat. Sun glare on windows of bus inhibits observation into interior cabin of bus. Bus motor is running but passenger door is closed.

At 08:28, MTF members bring specialty optics and long range surveillance microphones on line. Command instructs MTF to continue to maintain distance from bus.

Annotated transcript of sound recording from interior of bus. 

CV-01 : (Middle-aged Caucasian male wearing business suit) 

CV-02 : (African-American youth) 

CV-03 : (Middle-aged African-American woman wearing hotel maid uniform) 

(Various passengers hold umbrellas, canes, and in one case a baguette from a grocery bag, out of the windows on the right side of the bus and mime a pushing or rowing motion)

CV-03 : 

CV-04 : (Elderly Asian-American woman who has apparently spotted a MTF member across the street on the left side of the bus) 

CV-03 : 

(Various passengers hold umbrellas, canes, the baguette, a bouquet of flowers and various other objects out of the windows on the left side of the bus, mime the discharge of naval guns, and shout  Command instructs MTF members to retreat 20 further meters from bus and assume prone position.)

CV-05 : (Middle-aged African-American male wearing bus driver uniform) 

CV-03 : 

At this point, to avoid the risk of self-injury on the part of affected individuals or other civilians, MTF deploys anesthetic gas grenades, successfully disabling all individuals aboard bus. In adherence to Command instructions, while continuing to maintain distance from bus, MTF deploys miniaturized flying drones to enter bus through open windows for closer inspection. Four components of SCP-5036 (subsequently designated SCP-5036-1 through -4) are observed scattered on floor of bus, identified as potentially anomalous, and retrieved by drones for containment and further study. Civilians on bus are retrieved without further incident.

The four components of SCP-5036 that had been retrieved by the drones, after preliminary analysis, were initially determined to be non-anomalous, and SCP-5036 was then designated neutralized. Subsequently, when cataloging those components for disposal, Junior Researcher Mgbede inferred from their morphology that additional, as-yet undiscovered components might still be in the bus or on the person of individuals who had been on the bus. After this suggestion was forwarded to Command, a second sweep was performed and recovered the remaining four SCP-5036 components from CV-03's coin purse, together with a crumpled note (see Exhibit 5036-C-1-A). Analysis resumed, whereupon SCP-5036 was redesignated as Safe. The civilians who had been aboard the bus received medical clearance and were then amnesticized and released.
附加记录：    

Addendum #2: 

+

-5036-C-1.

Note found in coin purse of CV-03 during Incident 5036-C-1 

Addendum #3: 

Citation of Distinguished Service Medal presented to Dr. Wilbur Mgbede 

The Director of Site 146, on behalf of the Foundation, takes pleasure in presenting the Distinguished Service Medal to Dr. Wilbur Mgbede, Deputy Project Leader of Nμ Archetypal Attractor Project, for conspicuous ingenuity and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty.

On June 28, 2003, a security breach occurred at Site 146. The incident involved infiltration of the site by operatives of a rival GOI which evolved into combat between the infiltrators and Foundation security forces. Due to the chaos, several hostile sapient entities also escaped Foundation containment and roamed freely within the facility, resulting in additional casualties.

When advised that the loss of the western and southern wings of Site-146 were imminent, Dr. Mgbede declined to retreat to Security Bunker 146-E with other personnel, and instead, contacted Col. Choi Too-Kwon of the Foundation Security Force to propose a novel defensive strategy and to volunteer to implement it. Following Col. Choi's approval of the plan, Dr. Mgbede gallantly and single-handedly retrieved four segments of SCP-5036 from their respective separated receptacles, suffering a gunshot wound to the foot and a mauling by an escaped containment specimen that resulted in the loss of his left arm. Following this, ignoring his own serious injuries, Dr. Mgebde intentionally attracted the attention of several enemy operatives and uncontained SCP entities so that they would pursue him, then unhesitatingly led the hostiles to his own laboratory where additional segments of SCP-5036 were temporarily stored. Once Dr. Mgbede and seventy hostiles had entered the laboratory and Col. Choi could observe by means of the security system that they had ceased belligerence,2 the security team was able to disarm and incapacitate the infiltrators and re-contain the SCP entities.

Dr. Mgbede's quick thinking and bold initiative reflect great credit upon himself, the Nμ Archetypal Attractor Project Team, and the Foundation.

Addendum #4: 

Archetypal Attractor Project - Status Memorandum dated April 8, 2009 (excerpt) 

To: Dr. Mortimer Hall (Administrator, Division of Applied Patapsychology)

From: Dr. Wilbur Mgbede (Nμ Project Head)

Re: Status of Reverse Engineering Initiative

I wish to report the highlights of the project team's results from the last quarter.

In accordance with your directive last year, our team has been examining SCP-5036 with a view toward reverse engineering the Campbellian archetypal attractor functionality embodied in the object. The results of this initiative have been fruitful. While we do not yet have a comprehensive model for designing and producing attractor tokens for any arbitrarily selected Campbellian archetype, we appear to have succeeded in reproducing and copying a token that duplicates SCP-5036's archetypal attraction effects.

We are proceeding with a trial-and-error program of testing the token design and manufacture process with alternative configurations. This program has indicated a number of promising leads, including the potential development of archetypal attractors for the  archetypal roles.

While none of those archetypal roles are particularly interesting in themselves, I believe that the progress to date supports the view that the allocation of resources to additional exploration in this direction is merited. The utility of developing suitable archetypal attractor capabilities to fill certain roles needed in the course of the Foundation's operations should be obvious, especially in cases where specialized training is uneconomical or where it is difficult to staff particular positions on a voluntary basis.

Respectfully,

Dr. Mgbede

Footnotes
1. It should be noted that a Nμ-event does not imbue affected individuals with any particular skills such as seamanship, navigation or personal combat. For example, when affected individuals experience a narrative episode featuring combat, they tend to engage in stage-fighting or simulated gunplay with pointed index fingers accompanied by oral sound effects.
2. Col. Choi reported that Dr. Mgbede, the enemy infiltrators, and the uncontained SCP entities had commenced singing sea shanties while engaging in a rum-drinking contest.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moreauthor

Hidelist
    

SCPs

SCP-1322
Rating: 961

SCP-089
Rating: 655

SCP-1844
Rating: 338

spikebrennan's proposal
Rating: 318

SCP-1012
Rating: 318

SCP-1036
Rating: 309

SCP-1512
Rating: 285

SCP-2553
Rating: 284

SCP-1746
Rating: 252

SCP-908
Rating: 252

SCP-831
Rating: 230

SCP-955
Rating: 198

SCP-926
Rating: 182

SCP-2336
Rating: 181

SCP-920-EX
Rating: 156

SCP-2236
Rating: 155

SCP-2914
Rating: 149

SCP-2008-J
Rating: 142

SCP-4336
Rating: 116

SCP-4436
Rating: 110

SCP-1060
Rating: 91

    
    
    
        

Tales

Sic Transit Gloria Mundi
Rating: 191

Spring Cleaning
Rating: 124

Transcript of meeting, June 2 1972
Rating: 107

Transcript of telephone conversation, August 9, 1991
Rating: 71

Memorandum Dated 6 November 1944
Rating: 59

Scroll fragment 13Q29
Rating: 35

Stray Katz (part 1)
Rating: 33

Ad Majorem Bonum
Rating: 21

    
    
    
    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Jun 2020 06:35
            
            Edit
+93)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            GURPS Repository
                      
              A collection for your GURPS needs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            VisCom
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The PS3 Index
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

