                        

Item #:  SCP-1192

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1192 is contained in a dedicated aviary and is to be provided a diet of fruit supplemented with protein and vitamin additives, as it refuses to consume seeds and insects that are a part of a normal diet for its species. SCP-1192 is to be provided with several pencils and pages of paper to allow it to communicate.

In the case that SCP-1192 becomes belligerent, mild sedatives may be introduced into its food and water supply under close veterinary supervision.

Description:  SCP-1192 is a juvenile male Gang-gang Cockatoo (Callocephalon fimbriatum), a species normally native to south-east Australia, approximately 33.5cm in length.

SCP-1192 appears to be sapient and exhibits intelligence and common knowledge consistent with that of a human child between the ages of six (6) and eight (8). SCP-1192 is unusually disheveled as it appears to be unable or unwilling to preen itself, and has difficulty flying despite being essentially healthy and uninjured. Close examinations have shown a slight, healed-over contusion on the back of SCP-1192's head, but no internal injury or damage was ever found.

SCP-1192 was discovered and brought into containment by Agent ████ █████ on ██/██/██, who at the time was embedded as an undercover agent in the Newark Police Department in New Jersey. It is believed at this time that SCP-1192 began following Agent █████ and trying to attract his attention because of the perception of an authority figure in police uniform. Agent █████ became suspicious due to SCP-1192's unusual species and erratic behavior and sent a request for assistance; a Foundation containment team was dispatched and was able to detain SCP-1192 and bring it to Site ██ for examination.

Addendum 1192-01:  Experiment Log 1192-01

Shortly after initial containment, experimentation was performed in which SCP-1192 was introduced to a multitude of objects in a controlled environment in order to deduce its abilities. Upon being introduced to the testing chamber, SCP-1192 immediately gravitated to a pencil and paper and began to attempt to write crude sentences. At this point, Dr. █████████ was brought in in an attempt to communicate with SCP-1192.

SCP-1192 : (writes  [sic])

Dr. █████████ : I am Dr. █████████. I'm here to speak with you. Who are you?

SCP-1192 : (writes  [sic])

Dr. █████████ : You're at a medical center, Timmy. A hospital. Do you know what happened to you?

SCP-1192 : (writes  [sic])

Dr. █████████ : Where do you live, Timmy?
附加记录：    

After several minutes and with some difficulty, SCP-1192 managed to write down an address for a residential home in ██████████, Montana. Undercover agents sent to the specified residence determined that the location is inhabited by Mr. and Mrs. ███████ as well as their son, Timothy ███████, age 7. Agents assigned to monitor the family have noted nothing out of the ordinary with the family thus far.

Addendum 1192-02:  Researcher Note

As SCP-1192 is unable to manipulate objects with enough coordination to play with the video games it requested and it shows little interest in the other toys we have offered it, it has taken to scribbling and making crude drawings with the materials we have provided. A list of notable materials are as follows:

Several pages of unrelated words, presumed to be writing practice.
Several pages of crude drawings, including race cars, airplanes and fictional animals and monsters.
A single page with the words  [sic] as well as several more indecipherable sentences.
A drawing of what appears to be a small child holding the hands of two adults. The child is scratched out and the paper is ripped. The reverse side of the page has the words  [sic].
A single page with 126 instances of the word .

Dr. █████████

Senior Observer
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            31 Oct 2019 15:53
            
            Edit
+555)
Tags
Discuss (88)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Naruto Mush Rivalry
                      
              Ninja of the world, REJOICE!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The SCP Sandbox
                      
              Осторожно! Идут испытания!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pagan Michigan
                      
              News and Networking for the Pagan Community of Michigan
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

