                        

Item #:  SCP-4112

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4112 is to be kept in Site-120, Containment Wing A, Keter-class reality suppression locker 6B. No additional security for locker 6B is required, though staff should be aware of Containment Wing A's standard security precautions, which include, but are not limited to:

Various Berryman-Langford memetic kill agents, administered on failing to provide proper identification.
Automated lethal deterrents, activated upon failing to provide proper identification.
Other minor safety precautions, listed in the site dossier.

Personnel are to ensure they possess proper clearance before doing so. A list of qualified personnel can be found below.

+Personnel

-Personnel

PERSONNEL LIST, CONTAINMENT WING A: 

Research Division:

Researcher Mantell
Researcher Harding
Researcher Druel
Researcher Danton

Security Division:

Staff Member Messer
Staff Member Botsky
Staff Member Kennedy

Janitorial Staff:

Mr. Lifeson
Mr. Wayne

Description:  SCP-4112 is a lyre, constructed of tortoiseshell, bovine intestinal strings, leather, and other assorted apparently non-anomalous items. Radiocarbon dating has placed this object's origin at sometime earlier than 3000 BC, though testing has proven difficult due to the object's first anomalous property: excessive durability. SCP-4112 is capable of resisting all instruments shy of those with diamond tips, in all components. Separated components are attracted to each other, and will, with a speed of up to 10 kph, reconfigure themselves if dismantled, including fragments and pieces reattaching to each other, with no visible join or crease.

SCP-4112's second and more dangerous property manifests when a user touches the object with intent to make a sound. Such movements include strumming, tapping, and more. If said user completes this while intending to produce an effect, whatever effect the operator has in mind will occur, regardless of impossibility, depending upon the complexity of the performance. Previous tests have manifested objects, removed objects from existence, changed the laws of reality, temporally transported the user, and more.

WARNING:
A DISTURBANCE IS OCCURRING CONCERNING:
SCP-4112 IN SITE-120.
PLEASE SEE LIVE VIDEO DICTATION FOR MORE INFORMATION.

+DICTATION

-DICTATION

Personnel Identified:  Researcher Gary Harding, Researcher Jesse Mantell, Mr. Alex Lifeson.

 

Researcher Gary Harding:  -derstand! Everyone wants to change the world! Just don’t do it like this!

Mr. Alex Lifeson:  I’m gonna have to go with a negatory there, man.

Administrator Lifeson utilizes SCP-4112, playing several quick chords in succession. Personnel RESEARCHER GARY HARDING and RESEARCHER JESSE MANTELL are restrained and gagged with cordage.

Mr. Alex Lifeson:  And now that I have a captive audience, I’d like to play you a little melody I’ve been working on. I’m no singer, but I’ve also never played a lyre before either. Here goes nothing.

Administrator Lifeson utilizes SCP-4112, beginning to play a melody.

to mold a new reality. Closer to the heart.
附加记录：    

I know it's most unusual to come before you so.

Item #:  4112

Danger Value:  5/5

copy of the Administrator will be given the device and no one else.

Destruction Protocols:  N/A.

Appearance:  Item 4112 is an electric guitar, more specifically, a Gibson ES-335, white coloration. No physical alterations or modifications can be observed. Sourcing the model to a specific maker has proved fruitless (no identifying markings or model numbers are present on the object), and testing has proved difficult due to the objects anomalous properties.

Anomalies: 

Excessive Durability:  Item 4112 is capable of resisting all instruments shy of those with diamond tips, in all components. Separated components are attracted to each other, and will, with a speed of up to 5 miles an hour, reconfigure themselves if dismantled, including fragments and pieces reattaching to each other, with no visible join or crease.

Provides Artificial Ontokinesis:  Item 4112's second and more dangerous property manifests when a user touches the object with intent to make a sound. Such movements include strumming, tapping, and more. If said user completes this while intending to produce an effect, whatever effect the operator has in mind will occur, regardless of impossibility, depending upon the complexity of the performance. Previous tests have manifested objects, removed objects from existence, changed the laws of reality, temporally transported the user, and more.

Additional Documents: 

+Notes.

-Notes.

Voice logs:  Item 4112

Entry ██/██/██: 

Entry ██/██/██: 

Harding's log. I followed though with Researcher Mantell's request to do some snooping. Turns out, there's a containment vessel in our very own Zone-120 logged to contain the item, but it's unlisted in the safety document. That's the very same safety document very specifically stating it ought to be with the big man at all times. Very suspicious, I'll be conducting measurements inside the empty locker later this week.

I don't like the sound of this. It's starting to look like shady business is going with that guy. And if he is involved in something like that, we could all be in danger. Harding out.

Entry ██/██/██: 

WARNING:
A DISTURBANCE IS OCCURRING CONCERNING:
ITEM 4112 IN ZONE-01.
PLEASE SEE LIVE VIDEO DICTATION FOR MORE INFORMATION.

+DICTATION

-DICTATION

Personnel Identified:  Administrator Lifeson, ACU-Alpha-1-A, B, C, and D, Researcher Gary Harding, Researcher Jesse Mantell.

Persons Unidentified:  1: Male, European Descent. Hair Blond, Eyes Blue, 6' 0 tall, mesomorphic.

 

Researcher Gary Harding:  -is immoral! You have to understand your mistake here, Lifeson! Fracturing reality has consequences!

Administrator Lifeson:  And what is it exactly you plan on doing about that? As I'm sure you're aware, I hold the cards here.

Researcher Gary Harding:  I'm going to have to appeal to your better side then. Can't you see the corruption was a creation of your tearing of reality, after all our study? If you truly led the Federation, you would have made solving that your first priority.

Administrator Lifeson:  You appeal to something I don't wish to act on, man. You need to understand the nature of this world we involve ourselves in. So many divisions and classes. I've gotten rid of them. It's all fair now.

Researcher Jesse Mantell:  And we'll all die equally. Your reality rift grows day by day. This is exactly why we have security levels. So inconsequential sanitation workers don't reset the dimensional narrative!

Researcher Gary Harding:  Mantell, he's-

Administrator Lifeson utilizes Item-4112, playing several quick chords in succession. Personnel RESEARCHER GARY HARDING and RESEARCHER JESSE MANTELL are removed.

ACU-Alpha-1-A:  Sir. I'm going to have to ask you to set 4112 down.

Administrator Lifeson:  On who's authority? I own your hide, man. One fret and you're gonzo.

UNIDENTIFIED 1 materializes in the room.

Unidentified 1:  I think I may have something to say about that.

UNIDENTIFIED 1 raises an open hand towards ADMINISTRATOR LIFESON. Item 4112 is moved to the possession of UNIDENTIFIED 1.

Unidentified 1:  Don't appear so threatened, Alex. I'm here on good terms.

Administrator Lifeson:  How do you know my name? I've had it eradicated from existence.

Unidentified 1:  Using my tool, my power. But I didn't come to reprimand you, Alex. I came to commend you. Despite your unfortunate consequences, you used my lyre admirably. However, my tool is a very powerful one and by using it to the degree you have, you've created a problem bigger than the ones you solved.

Item 4112 slowly transfigures into a lyre constructed of tortoiseshell.

Administrator Lifeson:  We've tried everything. Nothing has solved the problem.

Unidentified 1:  I'm going to have to set everything to default once again. No more butterflies to sing to us, no more picnics over the graves of war machines, and no more hands held together across the Earth. Cygnus demands it.

Administrator Lifeson:  What about all of our advancements? All the lives we've made perfect? It will all be gone?

One does not need a godblessed lyre to create magic.
附加记录：    

But I've found an ancient miracle. I thought that you should know.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                the-administrator
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Apr 2020 17:45
            
            Edit
+65)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Dark Souls Wiki
                      
              Your #1 source of fan provided tips, strategies, FAQs, and informaton about Dark Souls
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            airchair-ultralight-gliders
                      
              Building and flying the Goat and Bug style of airchair ultralight gliders
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chess Variants Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Music and Cyberculture
                      
              MUS 6314 - Topics in Ethnomusicology
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

