                        

Item #:  SCP-1040

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1040 is stored in vault 89-Q5 at Storage Site 12 as per standard Safe-class long-term storage protocol. No additional care is required.

New personnel assigned to SCP-1040 are to be briefed on the object using the established identity  to ensure that consistent and unambiguous communication about the object is maintained. Non-D-class personnel exposed directly to SCP-1040 must be reassigned on a monthly basis.

All data on SCP-1040 is to be corrected electronically through the use of project Null Context to ensure that the object's effects do not interfere with normal documentation procedures.

Description:  SCP-1040 is an antique Tiffany floor lamp made of iron and stained glass. The item displays no unusual physical properties. When provided with a 100-watt light bulb and electricity, SCP-1040 functions as is typical for a floor lamp.

The anomalous effects of SCP-1040 manifest when the object is observed or discussed by any human subject. Affected persons will consistently anthropomorphize SCP-1040, referring to and/or interacting with the object as though it were a male acquaintance. In spite of this effect, it is possible for subjects under the influence of SCP-1040 to be reminded that the object in question is a lamp; however, this knowledge has little (if any) effect on subjects' behavior.

The name and other details assigned to the object vary by subject, but to date have never corresponded to any real individual. If a previously affected individual  the object to a new subject, that subject will identify SCP-1040 as the given persona.1

Addendum 1040-01: Abnormalities at Recovery Site 

SCP-1040 was recovered from the home of ██████ ███████ following his death in June of 1991. Responding agents encountered SCP-1040 at the site and  the object to Site 19, where it was kept in a humanoid containment cell until its properties were identified.

Agents that remained to sweep the remainder of the home reported that all light sources in and around the dwelling (including SCP-1040) had been arranged or decorated strangely. Examples include:

Scarves wrapped around exterior light fixtures
Five desk and table lamps arranged on sofas or chairs and placed in front of the television, open books, and other entertainment media
Two hand-held flash lights wrapped partially in cloth and arranged in a bassinet
Three floor lamps placed horizontally on beds throughout the house

All light fixtures were under power at time of recovery, though many were missing bulbs. This is believed to be related to the owner's cause of death (heart issues exacerbated by electrocution).

Given these findings, additional properties seem likely. I'm authorizing a stay of execution for 5 D-class to study the long-term effects. - O5-██

Addendum 1040-02: Additional Findings 

With repeated and/or prolonged direct exposure to SCP-1040, affected individuals will begin to assign unique identities to other inanimate objects even when SCP-1040 is not present. The approximate progression is as follows:

Cumulative exposure time
Observed Effects

2 months
Subject anthropomorphizes any free-standing light fixture greater than 1.25 meters in height.

3 months
Subject anthropomorphizes any free-standing light fixture. Subject develops increasingly elaborate relationships with anthropomorphized objects, including friendship, dislike, envy, and romantic interest.

6 months
Subject anthropomorphizes any object intended for use as a light source. Subject becomes agitated and/or withdrawn when not interacting with a light source and minimizes human contact.

Given the nature of its long-term effects, personnel levels 2 and higher are strongly discouraged from direct interaction with SCP-1040.

Footnotes
1. Exploitation of this property to facilitate containment approved  O5-██

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Jul 2020 23:03
            
            Edit
+263)
Tags
Discuss (52)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sparkling Victory!
                      
              Time to Spark, Time for Victory...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Harvey Capital Lectures
                      
              Crowdsourced Transcription and Translation Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IC-FR Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox de lInsurrection du Chaos francophone
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Minecraft
                      
              Spiders. Creepers. Pigs. Minecraft.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

