                        

Specimen recovered from an SCP-3259 infestation. Dissection revealed no anomalous features.

Item #:  SCP-3259

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Keyword-analysis LAI2 exterminators are to be engaged at the Foundation's expense to eliminate the vermin.

Description:  SCP-3259 is a recurring transitory phenomenon. It occurs approximately once every two years. It typically manifests in households which:

Are owned by their residents (100% of cases)
Have been occupied by their residents for more than five years (96% of cases)
Are occupied by three or more residents, all of whom are closely related either through marriage or consanguinity (100% of cases)
Have never had previous issues with either vermin infestations, major infectious disease, or flooding (92% of cases)
Are located in approximately middle-class residential neighborhoods (89% of cases)

The anomaly will only occur when all residents are present within the household.

The phenomena proceeds as follows: all residents of the household, save one, will be gathered in a single room. The absent resident will always be in another section of the house, but within earshot. An anomalous facsimile of the absent resident (designated SCP-3259-1) will enter the room where the majority of the residents are gathered. SCP-3259-1 will be mostly nude and bearing marks of obvious illness, including grey or decaying skin, hair falling out, froth at the mouth, an inability to speak, and a spastic, jerking walk.

At this point, the residents will exhibit signs of concern or distress, including vocalizations and possibly physical contact. When all of the residents are focused on SCP-3259-1, a number of vermin of variable species3 will burst from its body, to the distress of the residents witnessing the phenomena.

The resident that the anomaly had been mimicking will respond to the sounds of distress from the other room at this point. Upon seeing the remains of SCP-3259-1, the anomaly will de-manifest. The vermin will not, however, and in all cases a persistent, albeit non-anomalous, infestation by the species which manifested will occur in that household.

Interview 3259-21 

Interviewer:  Researcher Milton Inselmann

Interviewed:  James Dalton, 42

Interview Location:  Dalton family residence, [REDACTED], Ontario, Canada

Date:  2016-05-08

Regarding:  2016-05-07 manifestation of SCP-3259 at the Dalton family residence. Affected individuals include interviewed party, James Dalton, his wife, Janet Dalton (38), daughter, Annette Dalton (18), and son, Henry Dalton (17), who was the party mimicked by SCP-3259.

Researcher Inselmann:  How are you today, Mr. Dalton?

Mr. J. Dalton:  I want a fucking explanation for what happened in my house yesterday.

Researcher Inselmann:  We're still investigating, sir. But there have been a number of similar incidents. You'll be the first to know, when we determine the cause. Could you tell me about your experience?

Mr. J. Dalton:  Experience, hell. You think we were hallucinating, don't you?

Researcher Inselmann:  No, sir, I don't.

Mr. J. Dalton:  You don't?

Researcher Inselmann:  No. As I said, there have been similar incidents. Could you please describe what happened?

Mr. J. Dalton:  Ihe was in his room. Probably on his computer, or playing video games. You know how teenage boys are.

Researcher Inselmann:  Of course. Was there anything unusual- anything out of the ordinary- about the day, or about the period leading up tothe event?

Mr. J. Dalton:  No. Nothing. It was completely normal. Then. It happened.

Researcher Inselmann:  Can you describe it, please?

Mr. J. Dalton:  Yeah. Yeah, okay. Henry, my son, came in. Staggered in. But it wasn't him.

Researcher Inselmann:  What do you mean?

Mr. J. Dalton:  I mean, it wasn't him. He wasyou ever seen a rabid animal? It gets you right in the back of the mind, when you see that helpless foaming. Right where the instincts live. You know that it means sick, dangerous, right away.

Researcher Inselmann:  But you didn't try to leave?

Mr. J. Dalton:  I should've gotten Janet and Anne out of there. Looking back, that's the first thing I should have done. Butit looked like my boy. It looked like my boy was sick.

Researcher Inselmann:  What happened next?

Mr. J. Dalton:  Janet and Anne started talking. 'Oh my God, Henry, are you okay? What happened?' Stuff like that. I got up. I walked over to him. I put my hand on.ah, hell.

Researcher Inselmann:  I understand if you need a minute.

Mr. J. Dalton:  No. I'm okay. It just

Researcher Inselmann:  Yes? What did you see?

Mr. J. Dalton:  He was still standing. But his torso, neck to waist, was a hole. He was hollow. Some rats were still inside him, squirming around. Some climbed out, and ran down his legs. His head was tilted back- his face was slack. He looked really dead now, even if he was still on his feet. His mouth was forced open- and more rats started squirming out. One of his eyes rolled back in his head- not rolled back, buteye socket empty. A rat's head poked out of it. Started squirming out. (Mr. Dalton laughs, slightly hysterically, at this point). I hear a rat can get through any opening it can fit its head through. Even my son's eye socket. Compresses its skeleton, see.

Researcher Inselmann:  We can take a break-

Mr. J. Dalton:  -No. I want to finish this. (Pauses). He- the thing, I mean, the thing pretending to be Henry- finally fell. It went forward, fell on me. I pushed it- one of my hands went inside it. It wasn't a hallucination. I felt it. The

Researcher Inselmann:  Yes?

Mr. J. Dalton:  That's when Henry came out of his room. He was yelling, 'what's happening, what's happening'- he shouted, without any words in it, when he saw the rats- and then froze up when he saw that ripped-open, twitching thing on the floor. We were all looking at him. For a minute, everything was silent. Then it was gone.

Researcher Inselmann:  Thething mimicking your son?

Mr. J. Dalton:  Yeah. Just wasn't there anymore. Floor was empty. The last few rats ran off. And that was that. We didn't know what to do next, so we called the cops. They never showed up; you guys did. Where did you say you were from, again?

Researcher Inselmann:  Center for Disease Control. Ah- agent Georgio here has a shot for you. Nothing to worry about, just a precautionary rabies vaccination. Thank you for your statement, Mr. Dalton. We've contacted an exterminator on your behalf about the rats; I'm sure this matter will be resolved shortly.

Mr. J. Dalton:  That's it? That's all you can do? Give me a rabies shot and say 'thanks for your time?' I watched my son be ripped apart by rats! How am I supposed to forget that?!

Researcher Inselmann:  I think you'd be surprised how quickly people can recover from this sort of trauma, sir.

Follow-up:  The Dalton family was amnesticized without incident. Exterminators have succeeded in eliminating the Rattus rattus infestation from the Dalton household.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Limited Artificial Intelligence
2. Though the manifested vermin has been confirmed to be non-anomalous
3. Observed species have included varieties of arachnidae, rodentia, chilopoda, diptera and corvidae
4. Identified as Rattus rattus, the common house rat

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                swarm
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:05
            
            Edit
+61)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Destiny
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Science Online London
                      
              How is the Web changing science?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            A Barrel Full
                      
              A Barrel Full of information for Oil Industry Professionals
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Psychology Job Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

