                        

Item #:  SCP-916

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-916 is to be kept in a locked, soundproofed kennel of appropriate size for a dog of its breed. It is to be fed a species-appropriate meal twice per day and its kennel is to be cleaned regularly. Personnel should attempt to provide stimulation to SCP-916 through the provision of a companion dog in its containment area and/or regular exercise in a larger containment area. While this is not mandatory, insufficient stimulation has previously resulted in physical illness for SCP-916. Personnel in contact with SCP-916 are advised to wear noise-canceling devices to avoid unnecessary contact with SCP-916-1. Should SCP-916 unexpectedly enter its active state, it may be safely transported to and locked in its kennel. Test subjects should be checked for any potential implements of self-harm before testing, and guard personnel are to maintain at least one non-lethal means of subduing test subjects.

Description:  SCP-916 is an adult, male golden retriever. It is identical to any other dog of its breed, other than its exceptional longevity.1 Researchers and test subjects report its demeanor to be exceptionally friendly.

Anomalous effects occur between 15 minutes and 1 hour after initial contact with a human subject. SCP-916 will begin this active phase by becoming docile and attempting to lie down next to the subject. After several seconds of immobility, SCP-916 will begin to completely suppress any pain felt by individuals in contact with it. Subjects report this effect to decrease with distance, and to cease at twelve (12) meters from the object.

Within three (3) minutes of beginning its active phase, one or more instances of SCP-916-13 SCP-916-1 has been shown to use a wide variety of tactics to attempt to persuade the subject to commit suicide in the presence of SCP-916. Generally, these attempts can be broken down into four phases:

Phase 1: 

SCP-916-1 makes verbal contact with the subject, generally using soft, gentle tones. 916-1 will allay the common fear response to disembodied voices by explaining that they are . These voice(s) introduce themselves and attempt to establish rapport with subject.

Phase 2: 

If not already aware of the effect, 916-1 will point out the reduction/elimination of pain in the subject. Voice(s) often ask the subject to bite his/her own tongue or to pinch him/herself to demonstrate the effect. 916-1 attributes this to SCP-916's .

Phase 3: 

916-1 attempts to persuade the subject that suicide is a better option than their current condition. This often includes vivid descriptions of a heaven-like afterlife, assurance that the subject need not worry about conditions in the physical world, and encouragement to do so immediately in SCP-916's presence to avoid pain during .

Phase 4: 

916-1 suggests viable options for suicide, depending on the subject's circumstance. Researchers are commonly advised to thrust a writing instrument into their own eye sockets. D-Class subjects are told to make a false escape attempt so as to be shot by security. Records indicate that severing the tongue and bleeding out was once regularly suggested. However, during an early test this was attempted by the subject and medical personnel were able to save the victim. This method has not been suggested by any instance of SCP-916-1 since.

Any phase may be interrupted by sufficiently disturbing SCP-916 itself or simply leaving the room, returning it to an inactive state.
附加记录：    

Note:  Due to Incident ████-3c4, instances of SCP-916-1 now have in-depth knowledge of Foundation procedures and personnel. Since that event, SCP-916-1-42, -43 and -44 have consistently informed all Class-D test subjects of Foundation termination schedules in an attempt to persuade the Class-D subject to . Due to the efficacy of this technique, testing on Class-D subjects is currently suspended.

Footnotes
1. SCP-916 was recovered by the Foundation on August 26, 1977
2. To date, 44 separate instances of SCP-916-1 have been identified.
3. Assuming that these events did occur in the presence of SCP-916, the object would be at least ███ years old.
4. Incident ████-3c resulted in the deaths of numerous personnel. Of those, three (D-21943, D-21978, and Dr. Christopher ██████) were within twenty (20) meters of SCP-916 at the time of their deaths. These personnel have been identified as SCP-916-1-42, -43, and -44 respectively. SCP-916 was not directly involved.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 13:22
            
            Edit
+230)
Tags
Discuss (60)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Health and Environment
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IC-FR Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox de lInsurrection du Chaos francophone
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Gamer Dome
                      
              Community Game Design Projects
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Thymio  Aseba
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

