                        

Item #:  SCP-658

Object class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Any small instance of SCP-658 (measuring no more than 50 boxes with mechanisms accessible from the inside must not be used.

Larger instances of SCP-658 are to be destroyed as soon as possible.

Unless exposure is necessary for sake of experimentation, every instance of SCP-658 is to be kept at least 3 meters from all electronic devices, as well as all noticeably complex mechanical machinery; when in doubt as to whether an item belongs to such a category, personnel are to err on the side of caution. Devices affected by SCP-658, when not used for experimentation, are to be destroyed. Machinery affected by SCP-658 must not be connected to an electrical outlet for any amount of time.

Description:  Each instance of SCP-658 is an autonomous robotic device. Size and weight varies widely; specimens as small as 5. Appearance and structure of upper half is different in every SCP-658.

SCP-658 remain active at all times, despite appearing to lack any power source. While behavior varies between instances, when otherwise unoccupied most tend to explore their surroundings; SCP-658 are capable of running at varying speeds, climbing up even flat vertical walls, and swimming.

SCP-658 are capable of reproduction, achieved through ).

The embryo initially appears to be a featureless lump of plastic and metal measuring 1.

The embryo will also break down some of the host machine's internal components, both for the purpose of constructing its own body, and for weakening the host's structural integrity in preparation for .

At the end of the gestation cycle (which takes a varying amount of time depending on the nature of the host), the embryo, now developed into a mature SCP-658, exits its host by ripping it apart. The new SCP-658 immediately assumes the behavior typical for other SCP-658 instances; in particular, it is immediately capable of reproduction. Size, form and behavior of the new SCP-658 depend on the host machine. See log below.

Excerpt from Document 658-L: Log of past impregnations 

Host
Gestation period
Notes

A mechanical wristwatch
18 hours
Resultant SCP-658 measures 1.5 by 1 by 0.5cm. Upper half of the SCP-658 is occupied by a mass of clock hands jutting out in all directions. SCP-658 walks ceaselessly in a circle, the radius of which increases with time (currently 1056 metres). It attempts to climb or damage any obstacles in its path, and resists any third party that tries to change its course.

Standard issue pistol of security guard C██████
3 days
Resultant SCP-658 measured 10 by 4 by 5cm. Immediately upon emergence, object fired at researchers (injuring Dr. L███ and Dr. B█████) and fragile objects in vicinity. SCP-658 was capable of firing ceaselessly for approx. one minute, then took approx. two minutes to replenish its ammunition through unknown means. Destroyed.

Computer keyboard
6 days
Resultant SCP-658 measures 31 by 9 by 1. When any complete sentence is typed on its keys by a third party, SCP-658 stops and remains immobile for an hour before resuming prior behavior.

Action figure depicting the popular character [REDACTED], with electronic components
10 days
Resultant SCP-658 measures 5 by 2 by 2 nearly all of these are imitations of things spoken in its vicinity.

A color TV
14 days
Resultant SCP-658 measures 45 by 45 by 20cm. Upper half of object occupied by a single video screen, which constantly displays shaky, colorless footage of an unmoving human figure suspended in mid-air within a featureless room (tentatively identified as [DATA EXPUNGED]).

An instance of SCP-658
Approx. 30 days
Rather than destroying its host, the embryo seems to have fused with it permanently. Resultant combination of SCP-658 has been described as resembling . Object(s) are capable of impregnating machinery as usual, with two embryos implanted instead of one.

Entire public address system of Site-██
Unknown
Time and place of original impregnation unknown. In this incident the SCP-658  recurred among the transmissions with unusual frequency. Outburst of SCP-658 eventually subdued, but at least four specimens escaped into the wild.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Jan 2020 01:19
            
            Edit
+150)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Uniofbeds
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Alapítvány
                      
              Magyarnyelvű ágazat
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            kinDIY
                      
              for the DIY kindie community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Spambot Death Wall
                      
              Fighting Spammers for Fun and Profit!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

