                        

Item #:  SCP-3167

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Containment of SCP-3167 is to primarily focus on the seizure of volumes it has entered and affected. In addition to containment of affected volumes, individuals affected by SCP-3167 are to undergo amnestic therapy for a period of time until SCP-3167's perception-warping effects are no longer present.

SCP-3167 is currently at large; Pataphysics Task Force Alpha-4 ( as such, Foundation webcrawlers have been assigned to monitor discussions of contemporary fantasy and horror series for discussions of narrative deviations. Additionally, prevention of any interaction between SCP-3143 is to remain a high priority.

Description:  SCP-3167 refers to a pataphysical entity which manifests in narratives which share a single, common universe or protagonist, such as novel series, canons of short stories, or larger mythos works.1 SCP-3167 appears to act independently of the intentions of other characters within the narrative, apparently seeking out a single character for the sole purpose of murdering them.

The appearance of SCP-3167 varies from narrative to narrative, but its manifestation is announced by a variation of the phrase 

Individuals who perceive narratives in which SCP-3167 manifests are affected by a persistent perceptual anomaly in which they believe that the character murdered by SCP-3167 is completely absent from works which occur at a later point chronologically however, individuals are unable to read passages verbatim from the apparently altered works. This anomaly can be counteracted with amnestic treatment within the first twenty-four hours of exposure.

SCP-3167 is only capable of affecting a single instance of the narrative it enters i.e. it can only affect one copy of a book, but the anomaly is persistent. Currently, over 5,000 individual volumes have been affected by SCP-3167, mostly English-language works.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Catalog of Affected Narratives: 

Name of Work:  The Judas Strain

Series:  Sigma Force Book 4

Genre:  Techno-thriller

Victim:  Monk Kokkalis

SCP-3167 Manifestation:  SCP-3167 appears in the epilogue, in which Monk, believed to be dead by other members of Sigma Force following the events of the novel, broadcasts an SOS. The SOS is interrupted by Monk describing a figure  it is unclear if SCP-3167 exited the narrative following this.

Effects:  Monk does not re-appear in any subsequent Sigma Force novels, which has startling effects on the status quo of the Sigma Force universe; several other members die in the next two novels, and by the end of Bloodline, Sigma Force is permanently disbanded by President James Gant. Sigma Force novels after this point are post-apocalyptic in genre, according to affected readers, depicting the schemes of the antagonists routinely succeeding without the intervention of the titular team.

Name of Work:  The Fellowship of the Ring

Series:  The Lord of the Rings

Genre:  High Fantasy

Victim:  Gandalf the Grey

SCP-3167 Manifestation:  At the bridge of Khazad-Dum, SCP-3167 replaces the Balrog, manifesting as .

Effects:  Boromir does not die at the end of Fellowship, and instead re-appears alongside his brother Faramir in The Two Towers, along with Frodo and Samwise. The Battle of Helm's Deep is lost, and Saruman maintains his hold over Théoden. Merry and Pippin die during the assault on Isengard, with the latter sacrificing himself to kill Saruman. Frodo himself dies at the encounter with Shelob, leaving Samwise to take the ring to Mount Doom. The quest ultimately succeeds, but by the end of The Return of the King, Samwise, Aragorn and Legolas are the only living members of the Fellowship. Samwise is invited to go into the Grey Havens, but declines.

Name of Work:  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

Series:  Harry Potter

Genre:  Fantasy/Mystery

Victim:  Ron Weasley

SCP-3167 Manifestation:  SCP-3167 suddenly manifests in the middle of the Goblet of Fire ceremony, and proceeds to kill Ron with the Avada Kedavera, the killing curse, before apparating away. Ron's death is not immediate; he manages to drag his way to Harry, and whispers,  before dying.

Effects:  The rest of the novel is spent in a state of chaos, with the Triwizard Tournament being called off, the shell-shocked Weasley family and Harry mourning Ron. Barty Crouch eventually kidnaps Harry in order to revive Lord Voldemort. In the process, Harry himself is killed, but finds he cannot die, due to having a piece of Voldemort's soul exist within him, and vice-versa. Voldemort and Harry resolve to kill one another without dying themselves.

The final three novels in the Harry Potter series are described as 'confused, stream-of-consciousness messes' by most readers affected by SCP-3167.

Name of Work:  Northern Lights3

Series:  His Dark Materials

Genre:  Young Adult Fantasy

Victim:  Unnamed 

SCP-3167 Manifestation:  SCP-3167 manifests during the sequence in which the protagonist, Lyra Belacqua, is undergoing an 'intercision', in which her dæmon4 Pantalaimon will be separated from her, and kills the  who is holding Pantaliamon using his own dæmon, which takes the form of a large boa constrictor. In non-anomalous versions of Northern Lights, the sequence is notably written in a manner which heavily suggests that handling one's dæmon without their consent is tantamount to rape.

Effects:  No overall effect on the narrative; Miss Coulter enters the room, confused as to why the man holding Pantalaimon has died. The rest of the sequence at Bolvangar is uninterrupted, save for a portion where a guard enters the room where Miss Coulter and Lyra are talking in order to inform her that SCP-3167 has escaped, and that a note saying 'I regret doing that' was found at the entrance to the intercision room.

Name of Work:  Sword Art Online: Aincrad

Series:  Sword Art Online

Genre:  Japanese Science Fiction Light Novel

Victim:  Unclear.

SCP-3167 Manifestation:  SCP-3167 appears during the climactic duel between Kazuto  Kirigaya and Kayaba Akihiko's Heathcliff avatar in Sword Art Online. It manifests as:

附加记录：    

Effects:  The second book of the Sword Art Online Light Novel series was unaffected, as its stories took place prior to SCP-3167's manifestation. However, all following books take place exclusively in the real world, exploring the relationship between Kazuto and Asuna Yuki; the attack by SCP-3167 apparently destroyed the internet's capability to support a virtual reality video game on the same scale as Sword Art Online.

Name of Work:  The Final Problem

Series:  The Sherlock Holmes Canon

Genre:  Mystery

Victim:  Sherlock Holmes

SCP-3167 Manifestation:  Dr. Watson arrives at Reichenbach Falls to see SCP-3167 struggling with Holmes. SCP-3167 exclaimed  before repeatedly stabbing Holmes and throwing him down the cliff, before nodding at Watson and vanishing.

Effects:  While all Holmes stories written before The Final Problem (as well as Hound of the Baskervilles, which takes place before The Final Problem) are unaffected, all future Sherlock Holmes stories are impercievable by individuals who read instances of The Final Problem altered by SCP-3167, including adaptations of the canon.

At this point, agent of Pataphysical Task Force Alpha-4 managed to intercept SCP-3167 as it attempted to exit the narrative, temporarily trapping it in narrative white space, where it was interrogated by Agent Caitlyn Next. The transcript of the interview follows:

Caitlyn walked around the conceptually empty space and rolled her shoulders. 

The unusually tall figure

The unusu

Bob tilted her head. 

The unusually tall figure with a horrible, white grin raised its backspace key, ready for the kill.

 Agent Next pleaded.

 Agent Next

GET ME OUT

GET

The deed was done; the figure had collected their latest kill, and turned a new page in their life.
附加记录：    

One of the benefits of being fictional: you can be rewritten back to life. I'm going to have to hang out in white text for a while. I know this is annoying to read, I'm sorry. But if it means I get to keep my skin, I'll take it. C. Next.

Footnotes
1. i.e.the Alex Cross series by James Patterson, The Sherlock Holmes canon by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, and the collected works of J.R.R. Tolkien, respectively.
2. The titular contagion of the novel, capable of destroying the brain at an alarming rate.
3. Known as The Golden Compass in the United States.
4. A physical manifestation of an individual's soul within the His Dark Materials universe.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Jan 2020 14:23
            
            Edit
+118)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Trueblood: Dallas
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            NYC: Veil of Shadows
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Capitol Hill Community Council
                      
              a community site
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

