                        

Instances of posts created by affected individuals, edited to remove cognitohazards.

Item #:  4457

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor social media websites for instances of SCP-4457 and evidence infection. Upon positive identification, the corresponding post or advertisement space is to be taken down immediately. Medical records in Yolo County, CA, are to be monitored for instances of SCP-4457-1. Affected individuals are to be retrieved and placed in isolation until surgical extraction can be performed. Following recovery, individuals are to undergo psychotherapy with a Foundation approved therapist until the primary effect of SCP-4457 has been neutralized. Use of Class-C amnestics is authorized.

Description:  SCP-4457 refers to a phenomenon in Yolo County, CA, where individuals are overcome with a desire to  to the GI organ system for a low price. Approximately one month following initial infection by SCP-4457, individuals will be visited by a mobile surgery vehicle displaying the logo of GoI-2567 along the side doors, and will willfully enter.

SCP-4457-1 refers to an anomalous species of the order Isopoda bearing resemblance to C. Bathynomus.1 The vehicles are operated by unidentified insectoid entities. Entities prepare the affected individuals for surgery, then, following the administration of general anesthesia, make an incision from below the sternum downwards to the pelvic girdle. A total gastrectomy and colectomy is performed, upon conclusion of which one to four instances of SCP-4457-1 are placed within the abdominal cavity.

One of four SCP-4457-1 instances removed from an affected individual's abdominal cavity.

Following implantation, SCP-4457-1 instances will latch onto the lumbar spine using claw-like appendages. Instances will then affix their mouths to the affected individual's esophagus, and produce 6.5m to 8m of an intestine-like structure that then connects to the anus.2 SCP-4457-1 instances will then enter a symbiotic relationship with the host.

SCP-4457-1, and the structures it creates, function consistently with non-anomalous GI tracts by diffusing digested nutrients into the bloodstream and filtering waste out through the anus. In addition, instances continuously release a biological immunosuppressant to ensure the body does not reject the symbiote. Presence of this immunosuppressant and increased incidence of disease in the hosts are key indicators of SCP-4457 infection.

Discovery:  On 2024/12/13 Foundation personnel captured a mobile surgery vehicle used to administer an estimated 15 surgeries. Upon entry, no surgical implements or insectoid entities were located. Of note, however, was the presence of nearly 2kgs of flakes of chitin, scorch marks on the floor, and a clip-on nametag on which  was crudely written.

Infectious Symptoms:  Testing with D-Class personnel has revealed that post-surgical individuals, after an incubation period of approximately three months, experience severe morphological changes, in four separate stages, over the span of 6 to 8 days.

First, the host's eyes will develop a secondary, non-functioning iris. Hemolymph and a modified form of liquid chitin will begin to flow through the host's spinal cord.
Second, the lower mandible of the affected will split along the sagittal plane. The lips remain unaffected at this stage, making it difficult to detect.
Third, the desire to 
Fourth, the resident SCP-4457-1 instance(s) will forcibly exit through the hosts' anal cavity during sleep, leaving behind the anomalous organ analogues. Genetic analysis of the tissues have revealed a 92.48% match with C. exigua.

In approximately 12.78% of fourth-stage cases, SCP-4457-1 replacement has reoccurred, typically in organs affected by third-stage symptoms. Reinfected organs will be replaced in the same way as the gastrointestinal tract was, utilizing similar but nonhuman replacement organs.

Addendum 1:  D-Class Infection Log

Patient Details
Symptom Stage Reached
Results

46-year-old male, diabetic.
Second.
Subject's jaw bone cracked along the temporomandibular joints, severing muscle tissue along the face, and expired after 3 minutes due to subsequent blood loss.

51-year-old female, Crohn's disease.
Fourth.
Patient did not undergo SCP-4457-1 reinsertion, and successfully underwent counseling. The replacement gastrointestinal tract displayed no adverse effects, and chitinous fluid was successfully tapped from the spinal cord. Patient requested the jaw not be repaired. The Foundation is now monitoring this individual.

22-year-old female, no preexisting conditions.
First.
Expired due to consumption of rancid meat and subsequent S. aureus infection.

42-year-old female, mild asthma.
Third.
Third stage symptoms spread the delusion to the brain, pineal and thyroid glands. Subject exhibited frequent mood swings and existential crises, eventually expiring from self inflicted wounds to the frontal lobe.

35-year-old male, scoliosis.
Fourth.
Subject developed an appetite for carrion, and frequently requested dung to consume. Subject was bruised upon falling from his bed. During standard first aid, the subject's body 'deflated,' as six SCP-4457-1 instances immediately exited via the mouth, anal cavity, and ear canal. Upon examination, the brain, gastrointestinal tract, adrenal gland, right lung, right kidney, and bladder were missing. A juvenile SCP-4457-1 instance was discovered inside the patient's body, occupying the space of the appendix, though it was unable to secrete immunosuppressants like adult specimens. Of note was the subject being implanted with only one SCP-4457-1 instance initially.

24-year-old male.
Fourth
Subject's mandible halves were successfully reattached and third-stage effects have spread to the brain, heart, and adrenal glands. Following SCP-4457-1 exiting, subject began to vocalize in limited clicks and buzzes. 32 days after initial expulsion, a single laminated business card was produced from the subject's anal cavity. See below for full text.

Index card expelled from patient's anal cavity, after deep cleaning. Area code redacted due to cognitohazardous effects.

Footnotes
1. A species of giant isopod.
2. In cases of multiple SCP-4457-1 instances inhabiting a single host, these structures will connect to each other, forming a single chain from mouth to anus.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Dec 2020 23:09
            
            Edit
+82)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

