                        

One instance of SCP-2298-1.

Item #:  SCP-2298

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  The shed housing SCP-2298 is to be relocated to Site-162's Euclid Wing. The containment chamber is to be monitored via security cameras and motion detectors which, when triggered, will automatically set off a medium threat level alarm. Motion detectors must be turned off remotely prior to entering the containment chamber.

Routine surveys of SCP-2298 are to be conducted on a bi-weekly basis, and any significant changes in behavior of SCP-2298-1 instances is to be reported.

Description:  SCP-2298 is a city block which occupies the confines of a small shed in █████, Italy. The exterior of the shed, constructed of concrete, wood, and plaster, has a length of 3m. As one enters the shed, they will find themselves exiting a building within SCP-2298. The block in question consists of two roads (Planck Ave and Luminol Rd) which intersect at the center of the block, and 14 buildings of varying sizes and purposes. These include apartments, retail stores, a small supermarket, post office, and ██████. All materials1 in SCP-2298 are composed of plastic, rubber, latex, and/or resins.

SCP-2298 covers a space of 94km above ground level. When SCP-2298 is devoid of human activity, the sky has been noted to change based on the time of day.

SCP-2298-1 instances designate the 37 sentient polyester resin mannequins which inhabit SCP-2298. SCP-2298-1 instances do not appear animate while humans or any recording devices are inside SCP-2298, but will change location at unknown intervals when the city is unobserved. The mannequins display only a vague awareness of human intervention within the city block (See Addendum). It is theorized that when the city is observed, time within SCP-2298 is paused2.

Long term study of SCP-2298 and SCP-2298-1 instances have shown patterns within individual mannequin behavior, suggesting that each one has a unique personality and even interpersonal relationships.

Addendum 2298a:  On ██/██/██, contact with SCP-2298-1 instances was attempted through a survey by the Foundation front company S text is below.

Hi. We're a research team at SC Plastics conducting a product survey. We would greatly appreciate it if you answered our questions and returned this letter to your local post office. Doing so will allow us to provide a better experience with our products, and give you as the consumer more value with every purchase.

Question 1: What is your full name?

Question 2: Are you male or female?

Question 3: How old are you?

Question 4: Have you ever heard of SC Plastics?

Question 5: Would you consider buying SC Plastics products in the near future?

Question 6: What is your current town of residence?

Question 7: On a rate from 1 to 10, how well do you rate your reaction to change?

Question 8: Do you believe in the paranormal? Please explain why or why not.
附加记录：    

Only 3 of the 26 SCP-2298-1's filled out the survey and returned it to the post office. Upon collection, the surveys had changed from paper sheets to plastic ones. Transcripts of them can be found below:

Survey2298-1-12

hide

Question 1: What is your full name? A█████ ███████ 

Question 2: Are you male or female? male 

Question 3: How old are you? 26 

Question 4: Have you ever heard of SC Plastics? Nope, never. 

Question 5: Would you consider buying SC Plastics products in the near future? Probably not. 

Question 6: What is your town of residence? ███, NH, USA. 

Question 7: On a rate from 1 to 10, how well do you rate your reaction to change? 6.5 

Question 8: Do you believe in the paranormal? Please explain why or why not. Yes. There was this one time a few years ago when everything in my friends house got moved around during the night. Spooky stuff. 
附加记录：    

Survey2298-1-22

hide

Question 1: What is your full name? E████ ███ 

Question 2: Are you male or female? Female. 

Question 3: How old are you? 38 

Question 4: Have you ever heard of SC Plastics? No. 

Question 5: Would you consider buying SC Plastics products in the near future? Maybe?? I'm not really sure what you make. 

Question 6: What is your current town of residence? It's ███, New Hampshire. 

Question 7: On a rate from 1 to 10, how well do you rate your reaction to change? 2 

Question 8: Do you believe in the paranormal? Please explain why or why not. Yup. It kinda feels like everyone in town has a story about how something weird and unexplainable has happened to them. 
附加记录：    

Survey2298-1-36

hide

Question 1: What is your full name? Not comfortable sharing this with you. 

Question 2: Are you male or female? Male. 

Question 3: How old are you? 43 

Question 4: Have you ever heard of SC Plastics? Yes. Nice acronym, btw. 

Question 5: Would you consider buying SC Plastics products in the near future? No, ‘cause that company doesn't exist. Of course, we both already know that, don't we? 

Question 6: What is your current town of residence? ███, NH. Why do you need to know? 

Question 7: On a rate from 1 to 10, how well do you rate your reaction to change? depends on the kind. 

Question 8: Do you believe in the paranormal? Please explain why or why not. The door opens both ways. 
附加记录：    

Following this, Containment Procedures were heavily revised.

Footnotes
1. Including both organic substances such as food, and technology such as personal computers.
2. Relative to instances of SCP-2298-1. SCP-2298 and instances of SCP-2298-1 appear frozen in place, but time does not actually stop.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  mannequins.jpg

Author:  Eekium

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki

Derivative of: 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Name:  mannequins-649589_1920.jpg

Author:  Paranoideas

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Sep 2020 19:49
            
            Edit
+176)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifa Be A Pro 360
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox Wędrowca
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trueblood: Dallas
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borderlands Modding Resource
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

