                        

SCP-2772-J on full display. You won't find a better deal anywhere else!

Item #:  SCP-2772-J

Object Class:  For Sale

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2772-J is currently in the possession of Dr. Gary Gleason, and is to be sold to a prospective buyer as soon as possible.

Description:  SCP-2772-J is a lightly used 2006 Ford Explorer with an Eddie Bauer trim package. It has been owned and operated by Dr. Gleason for about 8 years. It is of immeasurable importance to sell SCP-2772-J to another person in a short amount of time. Notable details of SCP-2772-J include:

7 cushy seats
A combined MPG rating of 17
A great sound system
Up-to-date registration and insurance
Only 97,223 miles!!!

SCP-2772-J is available to purchase for $2000 $1900 US dollars. Call Dr. Gleason at (███)-███-████ for more details.

Interviews:  The following is a complete log of people who refused the chance to buy SCP-2772-J from Dr. Gleason at a reasonable price.

+pitches

-deal!

Interview SCP-2772-J-01 

Honest Salesman:  Dr. Gleason

Stingy Bastard:  Agent Caesar Spago

Foreword:  Agent Spago has just arrived at Site-56 after the conclusion of an unrelated interview.

 

Dr. Gleason:  Hey, Caesar, you're back!

Agent Spago:  Hi, Gary. It took me seven hours to walk all the way back here from Brighton High, all because Donahue didn't have the sense to pick me up afterwards.

Dr. Gleason:  Man, it looks like you needed some reliable transportation! Wait till you see this!

Agent Spago:  That's nice, but I just want a coffee and some vacation pay right n-

Dr. Gleason drags Agent Spago to the Site-56 parking lot without Agent Spago's consent, and stops in front of SCP-2772-J.

Dr. Gleason:  Look at this bad boy! It's got air conditioning, and exclusive trim-

Agent Spago:  Gary, I don't want to buy your Explorer. I already have a car.

Dr. Gleason:  But with this, you could've driven back instead of walking!

Agent Spago:   Well, it's too late now!

Agent Spago starts to walk away.

Dr. Gleason:  Caesar, wait! I still haven't told you about the seat warmers!

 

Closing Statement:  Following Agent Spago's refusal to purchase SCP-2772-J, Dr. Gleason was recorded making a sales pitch to Researcher Murrieta, who also refused.
附加记录：    

Interview SCP-2772-J-02 

Opportunity Provider:  Dr. Gleason

Annoying Cheapskate:  Dr. Victoria Vomac

Foreword:  Dr. Vomac is currently in the market for a new vehicle.

 

Dr. Gleason:   Vicky, could I speak with you for a second?

Dr. Vomac:  Yeah, sure, what do ya need?

Dr. Gleason:  I heard you're looking for a car to buy, so I thought that-

Dr. Vomac:  Oh 343, not this again.

Dr. Gleason:  Yes, this again! My SUV is perfect for your family, and it holds more cargo than that minivan you're wanting to buy.

Dr. Vomac:  Gleason, we've already been over this. I'm not buying your car.

Dr. Gleason:  So what?! You're just gonna sink 30 grand in a mommy-mobile, when you can get my Eddie Bauer for a tenth of that?

Dr. Vomac:  Get out of my office.

 

Closing Statement:  Dr. Vomac's refusal to get a great deal must be the result of some sort of infohazard. I will have to look into this. -Dr. Gleason
附加记录：    

Interview SCP-2772-J-03 

Deal-Making Doctor:  Dr. Gleason

Greedy Miser:  Researcher Taylor Tassajara

Foreword:  Researcher Tassajara is the only one at Site-56 that Dr. Gleason has not asked at this point.

 

Dr. Gleason:  Excuse me? Are you Tassajara?

Researcher Tassajara:  Oh, yes. You must be Gleason. Nice to meet you.

Dr. Gleason:  Look, I I have something I've never told anyone before.

Researcher Tassajara:  Is this about the Ford you're trying to sell?

Dr. Gleason:  No, it's- actually, yeah, it's about that. How did you know?

Researcher Tassajara:  Everyone warned me about this. And just to get this out of the way, I'm not buying SCP-2772-J.

Dr. Gleason:  Ah, you've seen my database entry. So will you buy it?

Researcher Tassajara:   I just said no! Get away from me!!

Researcher Tassajara runs down the hall, away from Dr. Gleason.

 

Closing Statement:  Shoot. Looks like the infohazard spread to her, too. -Dr. Gleason
附加记录：    

Director's Note: Dr. Gleason, the creation of an SCP entry just to sell your SUV is unacceptable. See me in my office.

+SCP-2772-J

-up.

Interview SCP-2772-J-04 

Innocent Entrepreneur:  Dr. Gleason

Pretentious Penny-Pincher:  Director Peter Palermo

Foreword:  This is a scheduled meeting regarding SCP-2772-J.

 

Director Palermo:  Gary Gleason, sit down.

Dr. Gleason:  Hello, Mr. Palermo. I'll take cash or credit for my SUV. I have the papers ready.

Director Palermo:  . And it's Director Palermo to you.

Dr. Gleason:  Oh yes, my SUV. If you want, I'm willing to cut a hundred dollars off the price.

Director Palermo:  This is ridiculous! You cannot write an SCP entry just to advertise your damn car! You need to delete it, or I'm gonna get you terminated.

Dr. Gleason:  Oh, I see. You're affected by the infohazard, too.

Director Palermo:   what??

Dr. Gleason:  There's a infohazard going around causing people to react with hostility towards SCP-2772-J. Don't worry, I'm trying to find a cure.

Director Palermo:  No, no! This isn't a infohazard, it's just that no one wants your car!!

Dr. Gleason:  It's okay, Director Palermo. Your viewpoint isn't natural, you're just a victim of a infoha-

Director Palermo:   GET OUT OF MY OFFICE!!

 

Closing Statement:  The Director does not seem to be immune to the infohazard. I should investigate whether it affects civilians. -Dr. Gleason
附加记录：    

Director's Note: It seems that the only way to get rid of Dr. Gleason's pleas is to just buy  from him. So, who's gonna take one for the team? It's only 1900 bucks now.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Apr 2019 02:59
            
            Edit
+68)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Music and Cyberculture
                      
              MUS 6314 - Topics in Ethnomusicology
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Khais personal knowledge vault.
                      
              Materials on this site are not original. When possible, references to original articles are listed on each page.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP-FS
                      
              確保、収容、遊べ！
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RetroWIKI
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

