                        

Item #:  SCP-1261

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A recording capable of infecting human subjects with SCP-1261 is to be stored on network-isolated electronic storage station 2 at Site 108. In the event of failure, redundant analog backups of this recording are to be stored at Archive Site ██. All experimentation on SCP-1261 is to be performed in Black Cloister type soundproofed testing chambers. Following experimentation, human subjects affected by SCP-1261 are to be treated with class A amnestics prior to release from the testing chamber. Foundation personnel are not to interact with individuals affected by SCP-1261 without DC-grade hearing impairment gear. Communication with affected subjects is to be limited to electronic transcription, typed or written methods, and sign language (where applicable).

Description:  SCP-1261 is a highly virulent Type October memetic contagion1 propagated through aural vectors. SCP-1261 deviates slightly from other memes of its class in that transmission is not limited to the expression of specific phrases or ideas; instead, an individual is infected by the meme when he or she hears and understands an infected individual mentioning or referring to the hallucinations caused by SCP-1261.

Subjects affected by SCP-1261 suffer from the persistent delusion that they are accompanied at all times by a sapient adult bird of infraclass Palaeognathae (hereafter instances of SCP-1261-1). Instances of SCP-1261-1 are almost exclusively members of the Dromaius novaehollandiae (Emu) species, though several occurrences of Struthio camelus (Common Ostrich) and a single instance of Apteryx haastii (Great Spotted Kiwi) have also been reported. Subjects typically express close familiarity with the perceived animal, with roughly 78% of subjects expressing the belief that SCP-1261-1 has accompanied them since the age of 132, with the remainder unable to provide specific details.

Descriptions of SCP-1261-1 behaviour provided by affected subjects are uniformly consistent and indicate that the supposed birds understand and react in response to human speech, demonstrate affectionate gestures (e.g., nuzzling) towards their corresponding SCP-1261 subject, and behave in a manner similar to trained assistance animals. Though all instances of SCP-1261-1 are visible to all individuals infected with SCP-1261, the creatures rarely interact with one another or with other SCP-1261 carriers. SCP-1261-1 are also described as maintaining consistent age and health throughout their subjects’ infection. Reports suggest no anomalous behaviour from SCP-1261-1 beyond their apparent intelligence and constant presence.

Class A amnestics effectively neutralize SCP-1261 infection, with retained class D personnel showing no signs of spontaneous relapse through 18 months of observation. Subjects treated in this way exhibit no lasting side effects save for an increased fondness of birds over other animals, especially as pets.

Addendum 1261-01:  On 8/14/2001, Foundation operatives intercepted reports of a GOC raid on a settlement in ████████, Peru “infested with Harvey-Greens”. Details in GOC reconnaissance reports suggested wide-scale SCP-1261 exposure among the populace, which was corroborated by after action reports from the GOC raid. MTF Beta-2 (“Glass Houses”) were dispatched to investigate the remains of the settlement following the raid. Forensic analysis of the site suggests that 300-500 individuals had resided in the village, all of them infected with SCP-1261. Irregularities in and around the settlement include:

Feeding troughs exhibiting wear patterns consistent with large beaks
Large nests in most dwellings, typically padded with blankets or other bedding and visibly worn
Tracks and clawprints throughout the compound consistent with adult members of Dromaius novaehollandiae
Scratch marks on doors and other objects suggesting manipulation by adult members of Dromaius novaehollandiae

In spite of the observations described above, Beta-2 recovered no samples of biological or genetic material belonging to members of Dromaius novaehollandiae on site. Additionally, intercepted after-action reports from the GOC raid mention no encounters with any wildlife save for the human residents of the settlement. Attempts to determine and/or reproduce the circumstances leading to the observed state of the site are ongoing.

Footnotes
1. Formerly a  see document MEM-C_28962 for additional information on the revised classification system.
2. Infected subjects younger than 13 years of age are able to perceive the SCP-1261-1 instances of other affected individuals but do not  celebration.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 04:56
            
            Edit
+184)
Tags
Discuss (55)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UBMedicineFAQ
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Copernicon 2010
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SIMTrackipedia
                      
              A collection of tutorials for Bobs Track Builder, XPacker, and other related programs
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

