                        

Photograph of SCP-072-TH taken by a drone prior to Event 072-TH-B

Item #  SCP-072-TH

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As it is impossible to relocate and contain SCP-072-TH in the Foundation's facilities, current containment efforts are focused on isolating ███████ Island. Outpost-72-TH has been established on a nearby island. Security personnel are to turn away any civilians approaching the area within 2m require written permission from the project director.

Description:  SCP-072-TH are a group of animated full plate armors similar to 13th century knight armor. As the Foundation is unable to subdue or neutralize SCP-072-TH and due to the objects' hostility, currently there is no sample of SCP-072-TH in the possession of the Foundation. Although all instances of SCP-072-TH appear to be empty, they can move on their own with surprisingly high agility and speed, consistent to a human of similar size who practices athletic activities on a regular basis. They also have higher strength than humans. SCP-072-TH is much more durable when compared to non-anomalous steel armor of same design. Although high explosives and heavy bludgeoning can cause the armor to be badly dented and firearms being able to penetrate them, the Foundation is so far unable to cause enough damage to break even a small part out of the armor. They can move with full efficiency regardless of the damage. There is a hypothesis that each instance of SCP-072-TH is a unique entity. Their current numbers are unconfirmed, but estimated to be at least 40 instances. It was initially believed that SCP-072-TH can restore damage on their own, but tracking a damaged suit with a remote device indicates that they keep reserve armors within the castle and SCP-072-TH can transfer its anomalous properties from the damaged armor to a reserve. It is unknown what happens to the damaged armor.

SCP-072-TH is capable of speaking in an unknown language. All attempts to communicate with them ended in failure. It was noted that SCP-072-TH never uses vocal methods to communicate with each other, yet they display the ability to work as a team. There is a hypothesis that SCP-072-TH are not sentient and their speech is merely an automatic warning message. SCP-072-TH has combat skills comparable to a trained soldier, and is known to use tactics including usage of traps, set up of ambushes, and using guerrilla tactics by taking advantage of the environment. SCP-072-TH were armed with only a broadsword initially, but are found using other medieval weapons since Incident 072-TH-B. The weapons used by SCP-072-TH have a hardness anomaly similar to the armor itself. Prior to Incident 072-TH-B, it was possible to make limited exploration using an aerial drone as SCP-072-TH would ignore it unless the drone would attempt to get into the castle, at which point SCP-072-Th would chase it off. This made it effective to survey most of the island including the outer wall of the castle. However, SCP-072-TH has aggressively attacked aerial drones since Incident 072-TH-B, as well as destroying all remote survey devices. There is no report of SCP-072-TH getting into the body of water surrounding the island, although they were observed to patrol or stand guard near the coast.

Discovery:  SCP-072-TH was first discovered in Castle ██████████████, a tourist attraction on the ███████ Island after a report of missing tourists during a tour trip. The local officers proceeded to search the location and discovered an undocumented secret passage. The search team encounter SCP-072-TH afterward, resulting in █ casualties among the castle's staff and officers. An embedded agent within the police department informed the Foundation with a report of how they were attacked by animated armors. After an investigation team had confirmed the anomaly, ███████ Island has been declared a dangerous area in cooperation with the government, with a cover story of unstable underground rock formations and toxic gas leaks. All casualties had suffered from the gas's hallucinogenic effects and killed themselves. All witnesses have been administered amnestics and released.

According to official records, the ███████ Island was used to imprison persons of significant status during the period of the Middle Ages, including individuals accused of practicing black magic. It was abandoned until it was recently renovated for tourism purposes less than a year before the discovery incident. There is no record of anomalous activity prior to the discovery.

Incident 072-TH-B 

██/██/████: MTF-ค  lead by Agent ███████ was assigned to the exploration of Castle ██████████████. The team was supposed to enter the castle keep by helicopter-drop as it's deemed to be safe from SCP-072-TH. However, the helicopter was shot down by a group of SCP-072-TH using heavy crossbows2. During the escape, the Foundation rescue craft was hit by several bolts from a SCP-072-TH's heavy crossbow. Analysis of these bolts reveal that they're made from non-anomalous steel which is inconsistent to the damage upon the craft. There is a hypothesis that the anomalous effect of SCP-072-TH is either limited to the area around ███████ Island or SCP-072-TH themselves. The full report of Incident 072-TH-B is still in the compiling and review process.

Afterwards, an aerial survey revealed that the wreckage of the Foundation's helicopter has disappeared although the crashing damage to the landscape is still visible. The possibility of SCP-072-TH utilizing heavy equipment such as a siege weapon or getting off the island by walking underwater is being considered. The containment procedures have been updated and a proposal to reclassify the object class is currently under review.

Footnotes
1. This is the first instance of SCP-072-TH using weapons other than swords. Since this incident, there have been reports of them using other weapons including lances, halberds, and flails.
2. Notably, according to their testimony, one instance of SCP-072-TH killed Agent ███████ by holding him in the Argentine Backbreaker position and pulled until he snapped. To date, this is the only record of SCP-072-TH using an unarmed combat technique.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Aug 2020 21:47
            
            Edit
+19)
Tags
Discuss (1)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            IB History
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CalU Secondary Education Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Micro  Epi @ Morningside Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

