                        

The area occupied by speakers of the Giimbiyu language, represented in purple.

Item #:  SCP-3878

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  The procedure required to operate SCP-3878 has been restricted to Level 5 clearance and translated into the Giimbiyu language. Decryption of the document will only occur with the majority assent of the O5 Council or when the semantic fallout produced by SCP-3878 fades, at which point in time SCP-3878 should be activated again in order to ensure that the Giimbiyu language's cognitohazardous properties (and thus tactical utility) are retained.

Knowledge of SCP-3878 and the continuing existence of the Giimbiyu language and people is to be removed from public access and restricted to Level 4 personnel and above. Extremely sensitive messages should be first translated into Giimbiyu by an authorised speaker (designated an SCP-3878-A instance) and then translated back into the appropriate language by another SCP-3878-A instance: both subjects should be amnesticised directly afterwards. Due to the difficulty of teaching the Giimbiyu language to subjects, SCP-3878-A instances should be exclusively drawn from the native Giimbiyu people.

Description:  SCP-3878 is a semantic weapon developed by the Obskuracorps in 1938, derived from the study of anomalous conceptual objects retrieved from the Thule Society's expeditions into the multiverse. It represented a significant deviation from the majority of semantic weapons at the time, in that it did not rely on a bulky and easy-to-detect physical component: rather, it only used a single human who was subject to a sixteen-week psychological conditioning program.

The conditioning program uses a strict regimen of psychotropic drugs, electroconvulsive therapy and, at the conclusion of the program, trepanation to create an extremely strong anti-concept within the subject's mind. When the subject is  via exposure to a previously chosen trigger stimulus, the anti-concept interacts with that of the subject's native language and turns all instances of that language (whether written, recorded or otherwise) into a lethal cognitohazard that exclusively affects people who do not fluently speak that language.

History:  SCP-3878's to-date only activation was carried out by the Obskuracorps on the 2nd of July, 1939 as part of a effort to cut off secure Foundation communications channels. Seventeen years prior, an alliance between the Foundation and the Giimbiyu people had been formed for the sake of containment of an unrelated (now-neutralised) SCP object –during the Seventh Occult War, the Foundation hired members of the Giimbiyu people to securely transmit tactical messages using codes developed from the Giimbiyu language.

In an attempt to sabotage these channels, the Obskuracorps kidnapped a member of the Giimbiyu people from Site-43 (at the time Research Camp Quisling) and subjected him to the procedure used in the deployment of SCP-3878. He was then exposed to the trigger stimulus, resulting in the Giimbiyu language becoming a lethal cognitohazard to non-native speakers.

Soon after this activation, the Giimbiyu language was temporarily given the designation SCP-3878 while wide-scale containment was implemented and all agents fluent in Giimbiyu placed in containment. After several months of research into the anomaly and using the intelligence gathered by reconaissance missions in the Pacific Theater, the Department of Analytics concluded that SCP-3878 was in fact a result of the semantic weapon deployed by the Obskuracorps now designated SCP-3878, and that this in fact increased the utility of Giimbiyu speakers as a tactical asset, since eavesdroppers trying to intercept their communications would be killed.

Further intelligence obtained following the surrender of Germany indicates that the actual effect of SCP-3878 deviated significantly from the original intent of the weapon. This can be attributed to the lack of rigour present in the Obskuracorps' linguistic investigations, mainly as a result of bias introduced by researchers attempting to prove the  in which a large amount of conceptual fallout was dispersed, but no actual conceptual destruction occured.

Had SCP-3878 functioned as intended, the entire language would be erased from the consciousness of all its speakers. Following the breakup of the Obskuracorps, several copies of research notes used in the creation of SCP-3878 were lost: investigation as to the possibility that these notes were leaked to hostile Groups of Interest is ongoing.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:38
            
            Edit
+100)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            pagi
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Last Story
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BlackBerry Storm Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Corwyn
                      
              A Fantasy  Campaign Setting
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

