                        

SCP-1738.

Item #:  SCP-1738

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1738 is to be held in a containment chamber, located in Site-77. No personnel are to be seated in SCP-1738 outside of testing, and any personnel displaying sudden new phobias or unusual behavior are to be reported to site command immediately. All personnel assigned to SCP-1738 are to undergo regularly scheduled psychological screenings. In the event that a member of site personnel is confirmed to be affected by SCP-1738, they are to be given Class-A amnestics and reassigned to clerical work at a Foundation front corporation.

Description:  SCP-1738 is a barber's chair, manufactured sometime before 1999. All identifying markings were forcibly removed from SCP-1738 prior to initial containment. The only identifying mark is a small logo reading . The back of SCP-1738 has a small control panel with a detached typewriter, and keys made from pure ivory, with letters from a variety of alphabets (Roman, Cyrillic, Armenian). This apparatus is not fully understood, and appears to be the primary mechanism for controlling SCP-1738's anomalous effect.

When a human subject is seated in SCP-1738, they will enter a comatose state until they are removed. Once removed, they will report to have an intense and specific fear which they did not suffer from prior to using SCP-1738. It is possible to manipulate this effect using the console on the back of SCP-1738, with different inputs and use of the keyboard yielding unique, different fears. Testing on D-Class personnel is currently suspended due to the massive expenditure of resources that testing SCP-1738's effect with trial-and-error would require.

SCP-1738 was recovered from a Marshall, Carter, and Dark facility in ██████, UK, after reports of its use reached Foundation personnel monitoring Marshall, Carter, and Dark communications. Documentation recovered with the object indicates that it was the primary attraction of the clubhouse. Several other SCP objects, including Mobile Task Force Mu-3.

Subjects known to have been affected by SCP-1738

Subject
Fear

████ ██████, a high profile client of MCD.
Displays extreme anxiety when exposed to squares of blue-tinted light, or when the words  are spoken in his presence. Has panic attacks when left in rooms illuminated by three candles in a single candelabra.

█████████ █████ ██, a high profile client of MCD.
Subject has panic attacks when exposed to a specific pair of white gloves (recovered with SCP-1738). Panic attacks only occur in presence of both gloves.

████ █████, client of MCD known to have voluntarily used SCP-1738
Subject has panic attacks lasting exactly three minutes when exposed to a blue playing card with a red dot.

███ ████, client of MCD known to have voluntarily used SCP-1738
Subject has panic attacks when exposed to photographs of three birds of paradise (family Paradisaeidae) together. Subject proved remarkably adept at distinguishing examples of Paradisaeidae from non-Paradisaeidae. When affected, repeatedly used the phrase 

███████ ████, client of MCD known to have voluntarily used SCP-1738
When hearing any of the 

Unidentified researcher involved in SCP-1738's creation
When any reference to SCP-1738 is made, or if the subject views a chair similar to SCP-1738, would experience intense hallucinations of his mother abusing him. Notably, the subject's mother died during childbirth, and he was raised alone by his father.

Unidentified researcher involved in SCP-1738's creation
Catatonic state. During initial testing, CAT scans showed massive activity in her amygdala, shortly before the subject suffered brain death. Notably, research shows that this subject was never directly exposed to SCP-1738. Further research into possible secondary exposure is ongoing.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Mar 2020 16:07
            
            Edit
+84)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiNorron
                      
              Almost as good as the guide, maybe better!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RedPlay Wiki
                      
              redplaywiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Snow Leopard Compatibility
                      
              Which apps work with Mac OS X 10.6?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            F650CS FAQ
                      
              Alternative / Supplement  to Black Belt Gang FAQs for the BMW Scarver
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

