                        

Item #:  SCP-1229

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Instances of SCP-1229 are to be saved on the Site-28 Secure Server and cataloged in the Research File. Access to SCP-1229 files is to be conducted in accordance with standard Foundation electronic information security protocols.

Research staff are to monitor internet traffic for SCP-1229. Upon detection of an SCP-1229 instance, staff are to copy the file for Foundation records and containment, record and track IP addresses associated with uploading, and take action to immediately delete the instance. See Clandestine Electronic Data Interference Guide for more details.

Due to the unpredictable nature of SCP-1229 instances appearing on the internet, and in order to minimize public knowledge of their anomalous properties, all information and records pertaining to Ms. Lana Neal have been expunged. Periodic checks for any remaining records concerning this individual are to be carried out to ensure that no information remains accessible to the general public. All original camera negatives of the four films in which Ms. Neal appeared have been seized by the Foundation and are currently stored in the Site-28 Research Archives. Due to the relatively low awareness and quality of these films, copies were never widely distributed, and the few available reproductions have been obtained by the Foundation. Suppression of this information has achieved a Grade 3 Widespread Public Awareness Scenario, consisting of a low-level lingering knowledge of Ms. Neal's existence among cinema enthusiasts, typically characterized in these circles as an .

Description:  SCP-1229 is a series of (to date) 37 electronic video files, first documented in 2002 and continuing into the present, which have thus far included files in .avi, .mkv, .mpeg, and .wmv formats. Each video file is a depiction of Lana Neal, an obscure British actress active during the early 1970s, in what appear to be a variety of different programs meant for television broadcast. Biometric data analysis, voice recognition software and audiovisual manipulation screenings have determined that each SCP-1229 instance is a true and accurate recording of Ms. Neal.

How these recordings are made is not understood at this time, as Ms. Neal has been deceased as of 03/18/1974. This has been confirmed by exhumation of Ms. Neal's remains and DNA analysis of tissue samples obtained in this manner. A coroner's inquest, prior to Foundation expungement of public records, listed the cause of death as acute cranial trauma related to a fall, which was confirmed by Foundation research staff upon exhumation of Ms. Neal's remains. No criminal act is suspected at this time to have occurred in relation to Ms. Neal's death.

The ostensible subject material of each SCP-1229 instance varies; video transmissions have included programs formatted as nature documentaries, sitcoms, game shows, serial dramas, and other programs typically broadcast on television. Each broadcast centrally features Ms. Neal; to date, no other persons have ever appeared. Dialogue, when present and/or audible, consists of Ms. Neal appearing to read from a script or a prompt outside the view of the camera, and is almost always inconsistent with the type of show the broadcast appears to be. Due to references to noteworthy, contemporaneous events in recorded dialogue, it is assumed that these broadcasts are continually being created and distributed by an unknown party or parties.

Instances of SCP-1229 are typically found on torrent websites and other file-sharing locations on the internet. While research staff have been able to identify IP addresses associated with SCP-1229 uploads, these addresses have never been observed to correspond to an assigned, extant user. No known instances of SCP-1229 have been observed to have been transmitted via any type of television signal.

After extensive experimentation involving D-Class personnel, no anomalous effects have been observed in association with viewings of SCP-1229.

Research Log-1229:  The following is a partial listing of SCP-1229 transmissions. In all cases, camera technology, filming techniques and appearance match a television production circa 1974. Evidence suggests, however, that these transmissions have been created over the past decade, and continue to be produced. All dialogue in transcripts is spoken by Ms. Neal unless otherwise noted:

Instance
Date
Summary
Selected Transcript

SCP-1229-02
10/5/2002
Transmission consists of Ms. Neal standing in the Three Rivers Stadium broadcast booth in Pittsburgh, United States. The view behind her depicts an empty stadium. A graphic display on the screen reads . Ms. Neal speaks into a handheld microphone and faces the camera.

SCP-1229-05
04/23/2004
Segment starts with a card bearing the title , production titles are shown with the names of responsible personnel left blank. Scene takes place in what appears to be a suburban, middle-class house. Ms. Neal reads from a sheet of paper, looking at a lamp in the scene.
1

SCP-1229-06
12/13/2004
This transmission consists entirely of documentary-style footage of Haliphron atlanticus (Seven-arm Octopus), with an accompanying voiceover by Ms. Neal. The footage mostly consists of the octopus moving through its habitat, with the exception of the end, in which it is depicted eating seaweed, behavior not observed in H. atlanticus specimens.

SCP-1229-12
08/9/2005
Video depicts a vacant house in a state of advanced disrepair. No furniture or other signs of habitation are present. Ms. Neal lies motionless in the foreground, apparently not breathing, for a time period of 18 minutes.
No immediately discernible dialogue. At the 4:34 mark, a distorted, low groaning sound can be heard, which lasts for approximately two minutes. When the audio track is sped up by approximately 250%, an unidentified male voice is heard saying the words .

SCP-1229-15
05/30/2007
Transmission depicts a polished wood conference table with several chairs. The background banner reads  Ms. Neal sits at one of the chairs, looking into the camera.
Researcher's Note: Original dialogue is in Indonesian, and has been translated into English by staff. 2

SCP-1229-21
11/10/2010
Video depicts a game-show set consisting of several podiums and a raised dais, superficially resembling the set of Match Game. All score displays on the three podiums visible appear to read . Ms. Neal sits at the center podium and is looking at an unknown person or object off camera to her right.
 (sustained laughter)

SCP-1229-29
03/19/2011
Footage consists of a kitchen counter with a gas range stove, along with assorted dishes, cooking implements and ingredients. Ms. Neal is attired in a white apron and speaks while preparing what is apparently a raspberry tart.

SCP-1229-37
12/16/2013
Transmission depicts Ms. Neal singing a song in French, accompanied by piano. Original transmission appears to be 5 minutes and 38 seconds in length; however, an additional 10 seconds of footage are present at the end in an alternate version recovered from the ██████ file-sharing service on 12/22/2013. To date, this is the only observed instance to manifest in multiple versions. Additional documentation available through Site-28 research archives.
Researcher's Note: Original song by Ms. Neal is in French, and has been translated into English by research staff. 

Footnotes
1. This dialogue continues in similar fashion for 24 minutes. In each case, references to missing persons are accurate; however, investigation of  by Foundation staff have turned up no evidence corresponding to referenced cases. In each instance, the missing persons case is still unresolved.
2. This dialogue is believed to relate to the crash of Adam Air Flight 574 off the coast of Sulawesi on January 1, 2007. However, the dialogue does not match official transcripts released after the recovery of the plane's cockpit voice recorder.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Mar 2020 19:27
            
            Edit
+237)
Tags
Discuss (56)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The World of Metamor Keep
                      
              Welcome to Metamor Keep
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Backrooms
                      
              Watch Your Back...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

