                        

Item #:  SCP-PL-052

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Due to the low probability of SCP-PL-052 independently breaching containment, it is located in a standard reinforced containment chamber within Site 13 along with a broadcasting station. Direct access, tests, and research may only be carried out only with permission from two independent researchers of the SCP-PL-052 project.

Under no circumstances should a negative value be input in the object. Security personnel are obliged to open fire at subjects attempting to change the setting to negative, regardless of their clearance level or assignment.

Description:  SCP-PL-052 is a device mounted in a leather bracer controlled by a receiver in the space of the central hand of the user. Manipulation of the receiver may be blocked or intercepted by an outside broadcasting station. The values on the receiver have a ten-stage adjustable positive scale and a constant three-stage negative scale.

It is speculated, that the SCP-PL-052's power source is a miniature fusion reactor, however, its specification prevents more accurate analysis. SCP-PL-052 was recovered from a captured ARGUS Inc. site.

Interaction with the receiver results in a creation of a damage-proof sphere encompassing the user. Passing through the sphere will still be possible, however, objects that were already within the confines of the sphere will be impossible to move or damage. The user regulating the receiver determines the period of operation of the sphere; this value cannot be more than [10] years.

The subject using SCP-PL-052 during the functioning time of the sphere will not manifest the needs of living beings, they will also ignore all kinds of external stimuli by maintaining the position in which they activated the object. Sensations after deactivation of the object are contradictory to registered ones since the user states that the entire operation did not last more than [10] seconds and the only anomaly are the changes in the location of supervising personnel and/or other objects not in the area. Later research did not reveal any irregularities in the functioning of the organisms of people using the object.

In some cases, the aging of objects located inside the sphere was registered to accelerate four times. The catalyst of this effect has not been determined and it is assumed that it is a result of a defect in the cell. All attempts to disassemble and repair it have been unsuccessful.

It has been assumed, that it is possible to calculate the formulas that the object uses when projecting the area. Carbon dating of tissues allows a better understanding of the functioning of SCP-PL-052 and, as a result, increasing the safety of experiments is ongoing.

Annotation: All entries regarding operating on negative values of the receiver have been permanently deleted. All tests assuming them were canceled and the personnel were assigned to work on other projects.

Values/add2-

cls

Fragment of the lecture of doctor C. Fostergrant regarding SCP-PL-052 project.

let's assume the fully hypothetical D-1. D-1 activates the first negative value and as a result of fully theoretical events murders his grandfather. You probably all know that basic paradox, so I won't go into the details.

So D-1 ceases to exist. Not as if we had burned or even disintegrated him. He just never was. Hence, he never lands in prison, in the Foundation and in the tests of SCP-PL-052 on the negative value. He doesn't go back in time and his grandfather lives. But, it's not that simple.

You see, D-1 kills his grandfather. Of course fully theoretically. And he himself ceases to exist as well. However, his grandfather does not magically come back to life.

We have scientifically proven that there is one timeline. It constantly goes forward, it has no alternative lines or branches. And it's easy to change it.

In theory, such a grandfather could, for example, arrange a meeting of his friend with a nice girl. He, in turn, would tell his brother an inspiring story thanks to which he decides to become an inventor, and so on, and so on

It's a simple proportion: The older the times, the more links will engage in this reaction. Our whole timeline is based on the life of one grandfather. Or rather, was based.

Yup. Fully theoretically we were in a completely different place. It is possible that we were someone else there. We have never met in the Foundation. Maybe we were billionaires. Maybe we've never lived. We can't be sure. We know everything from the ARGUS' agent, who jumped after hypothetical D-1 and avoided that temporal tsunami. Thanks to him we have this object. A possible instance of a possible D-1 has disappeared with him forever.

What happened to the agent? He came back old. Too old. We don't know if it is the fault of the higher powers again or rather SCP-PL-052 badly endured this temporal reset. But he promised to cooperate. Thanks to him we knew where the contemporary Area 13 is. He told us everything. I made sure of it myself. And then he ceased to be useful. But why did he manage to survive, unlike D-1 and everything that came with them?

Time is an extremely stable, persistent, and precise creation. Although this mechanism isn't resistant to damages, it is good at fixing them. Let's compare this repair system to a wave: If an anomaly or paradox occurs on our timeline, this wave is sent from the very beginning of its existence. Everything that exists is flooded with it and adapted to its time. For example objects from the future are given back to it. The case gets complicated if the future doesn't exist anymore. We don't know what happens to things permanently removed out of time. However, we know that SCP-PL-052 is blocking its access. Although not permanently, but it is always a period of time in which the user is removed from all equations assuming the flow of time. The agent predicting what would happen after the death of the hypothetical grandfather activated the object at maximum settings. Thanks to this, the wave flooded him, but did not take him into account. You could even say that he didn't exist to it. But what with our Foundation? Did it exist at all?

In general, many institutions that were founded by more than one person survived these temporal paradoxes. Including our Foundation, founded by the Overseer Council. But of course not unscathed.

We were more powerful, much more powerful. Tens of thousands of objects. The best people on the planet, exceeding us by orders of magnitude. Technologies hundreds of years ahead of their time. What with others, such as GOC? The others were not needed. The Foundation was enough for everyone and everyone was grateful for that.

And all this destroyed by the death of one grandfather.

We proved that time seeks to adjust defects and anomalies at all cost. And we proved it too effectively. Until we develop a method to create its alternative lines, I hereby suspend all tests with negative values. Why?

It can't happen again. We have to Protect. And resetting the time continuum to the selected point isn't the same as protection. We will never use SCP-PL-052 on negative values again. The lack of one theoretical grandfather changed reality. Can you imagine what the death of one person on the third setting could change?

You don't want to find out.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Aug 2020 15:00
            
            Edit
+13)
Tags
Discuss (1)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CST 133 A
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金會中文沙盒站
                      
              千仞高塔，筑基于此
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ಕನ್ನಡನುಡಿ
                      
              ಕನ್ನಡ ಸಾಹಿತ್ಯಾಸಕ್ತರ ಕೂಟ
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

