                        

Item #:  SCP-ES-100-EX

Class Object:  Euclid Uncontainable

Special Containment Procedures:  All human subjects affected by SCP-ES-100-EX are to be treated with amnestics appropriate to the severity of the infection. Prolonged exposure could cause permanent cognitive effects. Documents, books, notebooks, printed material and websites presenting or propagating the SCP-ES-100-EX phenomenon will be censored following the protocols established for each specific case.

Due to the recent reclassification of this object, the Special Containment Procedures are no longer necessary, therefore, the old methods of containment will be removed from the official documentation.

Description:  SCP-ES-100-EX is an info-hazardous phenomenon affecting certain cartographic documents of [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED], due to their geographical similarities. These locations have been studied, searching for circumstances capable of leading to the appearance of SCP-ES-100-EX, but in no case, it produced satisfactory results. The anomalous capacities of SCP-ES-100-EX appear when a human subject observes the map of [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED] in any way, be it a printed or digital version. A human subject affected by SCP-ES-100-EX acts normally until it communicates with another individual, referring to [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED] in any form, causing confusion, discomfort and momentary loss of memory.

The cartographic documents serve as vectors for the expansion of the info-hazardous phenomenon, although it has not been confirmed to be transmittable from person to person. Human subjects native to these regions appear to be more resistant to the influence of SCP-ES-100-EX, however, they end up succumbing to its effects by claiming that they come from [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED] or vice versa.

Analysis shows no anomalous capacities in the documents and websites where maps are printed or hosted.

Addendum 100.1:  During the Christmas of 1815, the captain of the ship ████████ ████ of the Spanish Royal Navy was on patrol in the waters of the Caribbean Sea, near the coasts of [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED]. However, they never made it to port in ████████ after their departure. An English sailboat found the ship sailing in the waters of the Strait of Mallanganee’s; when it was boarded its entire crew was found dead as a result of starvation. The following note was discovered in the captain's diary:

We've sailed for almost four months and our supplies are stretched to the limit. My men are desperate, and I don't know what to do. I have reviewed the maps over and over again, but everything seems to fit, the only ones that don't fit are us. According to the readings, we are almost 10,000 kilometers from [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED]. In the name of the King! How did we get this far?

I'll try to keep my morale as high as I can, but I'm sure we'll die here if we don't find help soon. Even if it comes from a Brit. We'll take it.

[UNREADABLE PART]

Have you seen the stars? They are as I remembered them As they look on the beaches of [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED]
附加记录：    

During the [INFO-HAZARD REMOVED], Captain Yuri Yanukov, commanding officer of a Soviet freighter added the following entry to the ship's log, which was retrieved from the offices of GRU Division  in Moscow after the collapse of the organization.

VALUABLE CARGO COMPROMISED, FREIGHTER #1456 LOST, COORDINATES WRONG, OFF COURSE.
附加记录：    

The ship was discovered by agents of the Central Intelligence Agency and then transferred to the Foundation's custody, to be analyzed for abnormal qualities that led to the loss of the ship's trajectory. Amnestics were applied to the crew and returned to Soviet territory, following agreements with the communist regime. The cargo was secured and dismantled in order to avoid international incidents that could involve the Foundation.

Tosuccessor.

Exspectatamundi

By the time you receive this letter, I will have already resigned as Site-55's Director. It has been a pleasant few years doing this work, beyond the stress that is inevitable in this position. The document you saw above is incomplete, but it is not a coincidence or a whim of a lazy mind not to have finished it, there are simply things that should not continue to exist. This is one of them.

In our eagerness to catalog everything, to inform ourselves, to name things, we think that all these monsters and artifacts we keep under lock and key are unnatural things. But no, they're not. They are as natural as rain, sun or stars. When you join up, they explain to you that these things could destroy normality, send us back to the stone age. And that's exactly the problem. The reality of the world is not our reality, the planet is a conscious entity, it behaves as such.

That phenomenon that we have cataloged as SCP-ES-100-EX is nothing more than a whim of the . You'll think it's not possible or that I'm teasing you, you think nature is just the harmonious energy that keeps all the parts attached to each other so that everything works. But it's not true. Nature is an entity, a force.

This SCP affects two countries: Cuba and Japan. Both archipelagos are almost identical, you might get confused if you just take a cursory look at them. For millennia this was so, it was a fact. Until it happened, we don't know how. But it changed everything, one thing turned into another. Japan, that Caribbean island, was increasingly confused with the Cuban archipelago. We couldn't do anything, the  affected anything that spoke of these nations, and later we realized that it could also be transmitted through words. That's why there are so many deletions in the document above. But no matter if you read it now, it's too late for you to be affected.

We didn't find the source, it just happened, without explanation. Although all the things that we keep in the  have assured me that this document will remain a reminder of what we cannot control.

Now you'll have to deal with these things. I don't know what decisions you're gonna make, and I don't care. All I'm asking you is: don't screw it up.

By the way, congratulations on your promotion.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Oct 2018 13:47
            
            Edit
+24)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            pre dev wiki
                      
              Lets open this beast up
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chemistry
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eventide MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            TalkingPad Project
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

