                        

Item #:  SCP-050-PT

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  The mine pit where SCP-050-PT is located must remain sealed, and access severely restricted within a 5-kilometre radius around it under the guise of it being a protected zone for the reproduction of the Azure Jay. Foundation personnel, posing as environmental guards must constantly patrol the containment perimeter. Additional security measures, such as cameras and alarms, must follow the security standards of Level 2 for wilderness areas1. Civilians trespassing the borders of the containment area are to be apprehended and subjected to light amnestic treatment, then released in a nearby urban zone. No personnel may enter the epicentre of SCP-050-PT's containment zone. In the event that ██ or more human beings intrude into the containment zone, and activate 050-PT's properties, Procedure 050-Abaporu-α must be activated.

Description:  SCP-050-PT is a humanoid entity, currently measuring 6.5 metres in height, located at the bottom of an closed mine in M█████ National Park. SCP-050-PT's features resemble an elderly European man, with the exception of his maxilla, which possesses a muscular and bone structure that allows SCP-050-PT to open its jaw up to a 120º degree angle. Similarly, SCP-050-PT's neck and respiratory system are profoundly deformed, with its diameter currently measuring 80 centimetres.

In his right hand, SCP-050-PT carries a sack made of leather, with a capacity of up to 150 litres. X-ray analysis made at range show that the bones of 050-PT's fingers and metacarpus are extremely deformed, possibly because of the constriction caused by the constant clutching. It is believed that SCP-050-PT is incapable of opening or realizing any complex function with the flexing tendons from that hand.

SCP-050-PT is hostile to humans. If a living human comes within range of the object, SCP-050-PT will try to capture and immobilize the target. Captured humans are then consumed by SCP-050-PT in a process similar to that of a serpent. After consuming the individual, SCP-050-PT will lapse into a state of lethargy, growing rapidly in size by a measure of 1/100 in proportion to its own mass at the time of consumption, per hour, until the individual is fully digested. SCP-050-PT does not appear to possess any form of metabolism, and has not been observed losing bodily mass even after long periods without feeding. Nevertheless, SCP-050-PT possesses a non-anomalous sleeping pattern.

Containment:  According to the witnesses present at the date of the containment of SCP-050-PT, the entity fell into the mineshaft where it currently resides (as of 12/7/19██) while pursuing said witnesses: Raquel S█████ and David M████. The witnesses received amnestic treatment, and the current containment measures were implemented. Analysis of the bones and other vestiges found in the surrounding wilderness indicates that SCP-050-PT, or other individuals of the same species, must have inhabited the region for at least ███ years.

+Memorandum

-GRANTED]

Truth be told, if SCP-050-PT hadn't fallen into that mineshaft, we would probably have had to send in Tau-5 to contain it. The thing seems to feel absolutely nothing, and from the look of his skin, that ugly motherfucker sustained several bullet wounds without dying. I would like to remind the individuals tasked with the patrols that, according to our most conservative estimates, if SCP-050-PT manages to get ahold of at least ██ more people, it'll gain enough mass to escape that shaft.

What frightens the most is listening to it, while I patrol the entrance to the mine itself. Hearing those screams and lullabies, we managed to get a fine idea of how it thinks, and boy is he pissed. Moreover, he keeps muttering something about his . Are those carcasses we found really just the product of his work alone?
附加记录：    

Note:  In 2/12/201█, SCP-050-PT emitted a prolonged roar measuring up to 140db. Analysis of the audiovisual records of the park, revealed some background noise that, while initially believed to have been a by-product of the echo caused by the sound, were in fact emitted by [REDACTED]. Therefore, a rapid-access line shall be constructed near the exclusion zone, and necessary reinforcements will be transferred to the location until ██/██/████, effective immediately. Additional information regarding future procedures can be found in Document 050-Abaporu-α.

Footnotes
1. Detailed in MARQUEZ, Andrew: Classificação de Estruturas Restritas, Foundation, 1997, Vol. 2.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Oct 2018 06:19
            
            Edit
+18)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondazione SCP
                      
              Branca Italiana della SCP Foundation
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP-FS
                      
              確保、収容、遊べ！
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Witchipedia
                      
              The online encyclopedia of magick, folklore and the occult
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

