                        

Item #:  SCP-2691

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Containment focuses on keeping tourists, hikers, and kayakers away from SCP-2691 and the area upstream. Both intersections of the unnamed road that SCP-2691 lies on and Highway 81 are to be set up with concrete road blocks and a ranger station manned by a Foundation agent planted within the Park Ranger system. A cover story detailing the area upstream of, and containing, SCP-2691 as a wildlife reservation for recently reintroduced red wolves has been released, and modern maps will be updated appropriately.

Description:  SCP-2691 is a covered bridge crossing ██████ Creek in the Appalachian Mountains. Its dimensions, when measured externally, are 3.1m.

This effect is expanded on the underside of the bridge. Clearance between the bottom of the bridge and the surface of the creek is variable, depending on the seasonal water levels of creek. Highest recorded water level would allow a clearance of .5km.

Anomalous temporal measurements seem to be correlated to the anomalous spacial anomalies, testing is ongoing. See logs for details.

SCP-2691 was found when a tabloid ran a story about a group of kayakers that returned from a kayaking trip a day late, with no memory of the missing day. The tabloid also mentioned these kayakers encountered an anomalously long tunnel while they were kayaking ██████ Creek. Class C Amnestics were administered, and the tabloid article discredited as an urban legend.

Experiment 2691-2 - 06/18/20██ 

Subject:  D-12

Procedure:  Subject given a stopwatch and asked to time himself walking across the bridge

Results:  D-26912 timed himself at 1 minute, 22 seconds to cross the bridge. Dr. Goto, standing outside of SCP-2691, timed D-26912 as having taken 41 seconds to cross the bridge.
附加记录：    

Experiment 2691-7- 06/18/20██-06/19/20██ 

Subject:  D-17, chosen for his kayaking ability

Procedure:  Subject was placed upstream of SCP-2691 in a kayak, with a helmet mounted camera, and asked to kayak under the bridge. Seasonal clearance under bridge measured at 1.1m for this test.

Results:  Dr. Goto, on shift with the rest of his team, timed D-17 at one day, ten hours, twenty-eight minutes to emerge from the downstream end of SCP-2691. There were three hours, forty-nine minutes of footage on the camera, all showing D-17 kayaking in the dim sunlight filtered through SCP-2691. Calculated distance traveled under SCP-2691 is about 16km.
附加记录：    

Experiment 2691-15 - 06/20/20██ 

Subject:  D-12

Procedure:  Subject asked to walk slowly to the other side of the bridge, turn to his right, walk past the outside edge of SCP-2691, and then wave at Dr. Goto.

Results:  Inconclusive, see attached interview for details.
附加记录：    

Interview 2691-1 

6/20/20██

Dr. Goto, Agent ████████, D-12, SCP-2961-a.

 

Dr. Goto:  I was beginning to think I understood this SCP, was about to label it this happened. I need everyone's statements, for the record. What just happened? Agent ████████, you first.

Agent ████████:  I was hanging out on the other side of the river, just to be nearby in case anything weird happened. Standard field assignment duties. And then a D-class (Agent points at SCP-2961-a) comes running out of the bridge, booking it for the woods, so I shoot at him and hit him in the knee. Dr. Goto asks for a status on the radio, I let him know I got him as I handcuff him. Patch him up, head back over to camp, and meet up with the rest of you.

Dr. Goto:  And D-12?

D-12 and SCP-2961-a, simultaneously:  I (they both stop and look at each other)

Dr. Goto:  You, with the bandaged leg, are not D-12, you are SCP-2691-a. D-12, I never took eyes off you, so I know you are D-12.

D-12:  Ok. So I was walking across the bridge again, and I was thinking, this isn't so bad, I've heard horror stories from the other D-Class about testing. But when I'm done here, I'll be taken back to my cell, and then a copy of me? We even have the same exact tattoo on the arm and everything.

Dr. Goto:  Interesting. SCP-2691-a, your story?

SCP-2691-a  (a brief pause, then SCP-2691-a looks around and comments) Oh, you mean me. Right, I've been D-12 for so long that I Anyway. I was walking across the bridge again, like the other me said, gearing up to escape. I made it almost all the way across the bridge and decided it was now or never, so I took off running into the woods, when BAM! A gun goes off. I thought I had tripped or something, but then I realized I had been shot. And then this Agent guy comes up to me and puts me in handcuffs before bandaging my knee, really swell guy. (SCP-2691-a glares at Agent ████████). And then he kind of picks me up and hauls me back to Camp, where I see a luckier copy of me, one who hasn't been shot.

Dr. Goto:  I see. For the record, I was keeping an eye on D-12 as he was walking along SCP-2691, then we heard Agent ████████'s firearm discharge. I saw D-12 fall prone, covering his head. I request a status from Agent ████████, he says he  I'm not sure what he's referring to, as all our D-Class are accounted for. I request D-12 return to my side of SCP-2691, and he complies. Agent ████████ shows up a bit later with SCP-2691-a, which looks exactly like D-12, except it has been shot in the knee and been bandaged.

SCP-2691-a:   now? I didn't think it could be worse than being a D-Class.

 

Closing Statement:  All blood and tissue samples analyzed of D-12 and SCP-2691-a prove to be identical. D-12 and SCP-2691-a are being held indefinitely for further testing.
附加记录：    

Addendum:  Dr. Goto has requested additional resources and funding, if the results of Experiment 2691-15 prove safe and can be reliably repeated, this SCP could be used to duplicate items of importance and/or value.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Oct 2017 00:36
            
            Edit
+42)
Tags
Discuss (24)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Retro Legends
                      
              The Definitive Database for Retro Gamers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Last Story
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            La Wiki de ManagerZone México
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Procedural Content Generation Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

