                        

Item #:  SCP-887

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-887 may be kept in standard quarters. Personnel must take care he feeds himself and uses the facilities at regular intervals, as he'll frequently forget to do so (Full feeding, cleaning and exercise schedule annexed). SCP-887 must have writing materials available to him at all times, to avoid unnecessary confrontations and ensure continual research. Used paper should be sent to analysis at least biweekly.

Description:  SCP-887 is a man in his late forties, born in ███████, Russia. His left arm and left side of his face are partially paralyzed, resulting in slurred speech. SCP-887 recently emerged from a 17-year coma in ████████ Hospital, St. Petersburg, displaying nearly-complete mental recuperation aside from extreme hypergraphia. Subject claims he was conscious during the entire length of his coma, receiving communications from an unknown source; his hypergraphia is attributed to him writing down all that was told to him during this period.

SCP-887 is amiable, but has trouble keeping track of long conversations and cannot be taken off his work for more than fifteen minutes at a time. The subject is adamant about his process, going as far as writing on the walls with his own blood if writing implements are unavailable.

SCP-887's output includes text, drawings, mathematical equations, and engineering blueprints. Several display knowledge of languages and concepts he was not educated in or that he would not have been aware of while interned. When questioned about the contents of his work, he claims to have forgotten or not known more than what's written down.

Interview 887-a 

Interviewer:  Dr. Zara

Foreword:  Interview takes place three days after subject's containment, and has been translated from the original Russian.

 

Interviewer:  Good evening. Can you understand me?

SCP-887:  Oh, yes, yes.  You have a familiar accent, have you been to ██████?

Interviewer:  I fear I'm not at liberty to discuss that, sir. Now, if you please - could you state your name and place of birth?

SCP-887:  ████ ████████, born in ████████, Russia.

Interviewer:  Do you understand why you are here?

SCP-887:  I this is a hospital, yes? I believe I came for a treatment. For my headaches. I get a lot of headaches after the truck crash.

Interviewer:  I see. Could you describe what you remember from this accident?

SCP-887:  I was driving a truck - carrying a shipment of something hit me. I don't remember what.

Interviewer:  What happened next?

SCP-887:  Oh, I woke up lying down on something soft. The hospital, I suppose. Many voices around, but I couldn't see anything. Or move. Tried to speak for a long time. A long time. Tell people I was okay, yes? And then I hear (Subject fidgets, searches clothes for something.)

Interviewer:  Hear what?

SCP-887:  What?

Interviewer:  You were lying down and could not move, and then you started hearing something?

SCP-887:  Oh! Yes. The voices. They told me things. All the time.

Interviewer:  All the time?

SCP-887:  Until I wake, yes? (searches clothes again) Do you have a pencil, a pen? I need to write something I remembered.

Interviewer:  In a moment, sir. What did these voices tell you?

SCP-887:  Oh, many things. Important things, yes? I have been trying to remember them. (tentatively scratches table with nails, then with more strength)

Interviewer:  Sir, please calm down.

SCP-887:  No, no, I have to write this down. Can't forget it. No. (Subject's nails bleed a bit, subject attempts to write letters on the table with the blood)

Interviewer:  Why? What will happen if you don't write it down?

SCP-887:  (Looks at interviewer panicked, then starts tearing his fingers against the table and walls)

Interviewer:  (sigh) Security, Code Epsilon. Interview over.

 
附加记录：    

Addendum 

A description at length of SCP-887's output that has been decoded so far is located at SCP-887 Log. Researchers are encouraged to add to it as more information is unraveled.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Jan 2021 23:52
            
            Edit
+224)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Bisgmit
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Writing 111
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AnalyticsCamp
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            HammerfallWiki
                      
              A Wiki for Hammerfall RPG on Facebook and Myspace
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

