                        

SCP-1417-J at time of discovery

Item #:  SCP-1417-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As it cannot be moved, a titanium containment chamber 10m x 10m x 10mhas been erected around SCP-1417-J, with SCP-1417-J itself in the center. SCP-1417-J's containment chamber is to be painted solid white and decorated with prop scientific and medical equipment. At no point should any equipment installed within the containment chamber be used for actual examination of SCP-1417-J. Current authorized decorations include:

Two high voltage traveling arcs (), to be kept online at all times.
A late 1950s transistor computer covering one wall, with visible reel-to-reel tape drives and three large panels of flashing diagnostic lights ().
One telescope of at least 100cm circumference, with a retracting roof section.
Six conical glass flasks () filled with brightly colored liquids and illuminated from behind the perspective of SCP-1417-J. At least three of the flasks are to be kept boiling above Bunsen burner flames at all times.
One centrifuge holding test tubes filled with brightly colored liquids.
Two oscilloscopes, one of which has been modified to play the game .
Three large wall-mounted switches with signage in English and German reading .
One Van de Graaff generator and one plasma globe standing side by side.
Three lava lamps.
Three microscopes.
One paper stock ticker providing the current readout of the New York Stock Exchange.
One electric heart monitor connected to SCP-1417-J at all times and producing falsified readouts representative of a healthy adult human male.
One falsified SCP containment file for SCP-1417-J, identifying it as a Keter-class artifact capable of producing an XK-class event if not neutralized as soon as possible.

SCP-1417-J's containment chamber is to be staffed at all times by no less than three Level 1 personnel with prior experience in live theatre or public performance, and who have attended and passed Foundation Training Seminar 43021.102 ( in the event that physical interaction with SCP-1417-J is required for testing purposes, personnel conducting the examination are to be dressed and behave in a similar manner to containment personnel.

In the event that SCP-1417-J ceases to respond to standard containment, Emergency Procedure 1634-Broadway is to be conducted as soon as possible until such time as SCP-1417-J becomes inactive. Emergency Procedure 1634-Broadway is to be rewritten after each such implementation and containment personnel are to rehearse the current procedure for at least two hours each day while not engaged in containment. Class-B or Class-E amnestics are to be distributed to the civilian population of █████ as necessary in the event of high-visibility containment breaches.

Description:  SCP-1417-J is an irregularly shaped meteorite approximately 1.2 all attempts at relocating SCP-1417-J from its impact site have resulted in its temperature increasing rapidly and producing physical pain or destruction of equipment being used to attempt to move it. Physical analysis suggests that SCP-1417-J came into being during the initial formation of the Solar system approximately 4.3 billion years ago, and that it had been in an irregular orbit of the Earth for an unknown period of time prior to its impact.

SCP-1417-J is believed to be sentient and to possess telekinetic abilities. No means of direct communication with SCP-1417-J has been established; observation suggests that SCP-1417-J is able to see and hear events occurring within its immediate vicinity, that it is sensitive to radio waves, and that it is able to induce telekinetic effects within a 20km radius of itself (an area including all of central █████ and several outlying suburbs and agricultural areas).

SCP-1417-J's telekinetic abilities become active whenever it is not undergoing what it considers to be active  to it or appealing to its ego.

In the event that direct observation as described above ceases or the quality of performance fails to 

Tying together of personnel's shoelaces
Manifestation of partially inflated balloons under seat cushions, intended to gradually deflate with a loud report when sat upon
Unscrewing of shaker lids on condiment jars
Manifestation of burning paper bags containing animal excrement at the front door of a domicile
Replacement of freshly ground coffee beans with instant coffee crystals
Placement of phone calls to police agencies reporting false crime tips, including reports of  outside the ██-███████ mosque, that Prime Minister █████ ██-██████ had become stuck in a public toilet, or that author Salman Rushdie had been spotted ordering a BLT sandwich at a local cafe
Replacement of the active ingredient in non-prescription painkiller tablets with prescription painkillers, laxatives, or nitroglycerine
Manifestation of dead houseflies (Musca domestica) within ice cubes contained in a person's beverage
Replacement of live rounds in a US serviceman's rifle with blank cartridges, tracer rounds, or bullet-shaped pieces of caramel candy
Spontaneous appearance of large amounts of pornography, of a legal or illegal nature, upon staff computers
Manifestation of paper notes upon persons' backs reading  in English and Arabic

+Transcript

-Transcript

Foreword:  On ██/██/20██, a Level 1 employee engaged in routine containment procedures broke character after tripping and injuring himself. As a result of the lapse in containment, SCP-1417-J began instigating telekinetic pranks throughout the █████ area and failed to respond to attempts at re-containing it. Dr. James Anderson, current SCP-1417-J containment manager and six-time star of the annual Site-19 Christmas Pageant, entered the containment chamber to assist in conducting Emergency Procedure 1634-Broadway. Personnel on hand: Dr. Anderson, Dr. Sarah Becker, Dr. Ibrahim Kemal, Dr. Andrew Sullivan.

 

Anderson:  (whispering) Are we ready, people?

Becker:  (whispering) Ready, sir.

Anderson:  (whispering) Great. Scene.

(Becker and Kemal begin running around the room frantically. Sullivan rushes up to Anderson, panting.)

Sullivan:  Thank God you're here, sir!

Anderson:  What the Devil is going on here? This is a laboratory, not a circus!

Sullivan:  It's SCP-1417-J, sir! It's

(Anderson slaps Sullivan across the face.)

Anderson:  For God's sake, man, calm yourself down!

Sullivan:  Sorry, sir. It's just we've got a runaway positronic acceleration on our hands here!

Anderson:  Have you tried realigning the multimodal flux relay?

Kemal:  It's no good, sir. We're getting a gluonic resistance readout of 38!

(Anderson whips off his glasses.)

Anderson:  Mother of God.

Becker:  If we don't stop the antipolar magnetic attractors from aligning in the next three minutes, Doctor, this entire continent is going to be kaput! We're going to have to reboot the central lenticular magnetron and

Anderson:  Dammit, there's no time! Ibrahim, you took Advanced Phlogistonics back in college, right?

Kemal:  Yes, sir, but I don't see how that's

Anderson:  Andy, get the subatomic electro-vulcanizer ready. Ibrahim, I'm going to need you to manually rejigger the anti-nucleonic force matrix!

Becker:  Are you mad, sir? That'll kill him!

(Anderson slaps Becker across the face.)

Anderson:  If we don't stop those nega-quarks from sorting the strange matter from the osmium-freon colloid, we're all dead! Ibrahim: can you do it? 

Kemal:  I I can't do it, sir.

(Anderson slaps Kemal across the face)

Anderson:  Dammit, Ibrahim! When I rescued you from the orphanage in that Turkish prison, it was because I knew someday you'd save the entire world. Are you going to let me down now?

(Kemal sighs and mumbles under his breath in Arabic.)

Kemal:  I I can do it, sir. Stand back and watch how a pro does it.

(Kemal puts one hand on the plasma lamp and one on the Van de Graaff generator and begins to mime being electrocuted.)

Kemal:  Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!

Becker:  Photonic resonance rating at 63, sir! 68! 74! 85!

Sullivan:  Oh my God

Becker:  87

Kemal:  Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

(External observation reports to containment personnel via earpieces that telekinetic activity is slowing down and SCP-1417-J appears to be becoming inactive.)

Becker:  99.9 92. 73. 48. It's going down, sir!

Sullivan:  Raritanium levels dropping we're in the clear, sir!

Anderson:  We did it! Ibrahim, are you OK?

(Kemal falls flat on his back.)

Anderson:  Dammit!

(Anderson rushes to Kemal's side and begins miming CPR and mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.)

Anderson:  Don't you die on me, you son of a bitch! You've never given up on anything before! Don't you give up on me now!

(Kemal coughs, lurches up, and rises slowly to his feet.)

Kemal:  Did we do it?

Sullivan:  We sure did son.

Kemal:  I knew we would dad.

(Anderson sweeps Becker off her feet and kisses her.)

Anderson:  I love you.

Becker:  I'm pregnant.

Anderson:  But how?

Becker:  SCIENCE! 

(Kemal and Sullivan cheer as Anderson lifts Becker off her feet and carries her out of the containment chamber. Relief staff enter and standard containment resumes.)
附加记录：    

 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Oct 2019 19:17
            
            Edit
+306)
Tags
Discuss (55)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            CalU Secondary Education Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Psychotronics Division
                      
              Divided, we are One. One, we are All.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            +VOYAGE34+
                      
              Is this trip really necessary?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

