                        

SCP-3381 after initial recovery

Item #:  SCP-3381

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3381 is to be stored in a locker in safe storage when not in use. All testing on SCP-3381 must be approved by Dr. Corvino and properly documented according to Foundation protocols. SCP-3381 must be used every two weeks to ensure the object's integrity. This procedure must be performed by D-class personnel.

Description:  SCP-3381 is a bed pillow in good condition, of standard dimensions and weight. The item is filled with the wool of Ovis Aries (common sheep), dried up olive leaves, and dried petals of poppies and other narcotic plants.

SCP-3381 shows its anomalous properties when a human falls asleep while using it; subjects under the influence of narcotics or alcohol are unable to trigger the effects. When a human subject falls asleep, they immediately enter REM sleep. The subject will experience a dream about a vast white expanse, with a building directly in front of them, which has been designated as SCP-3381-Alpha. The subject will not remember much from these dreams other than the mentioned start, with the exception of rare and exceptional events.

It has been observed that using SCP-3381 to sleep provides close to no rest, and an intense use can lead to exhaustion. Using it once every two sleep cycles has proven to be manageable for most subjects. It has been observed that after approximately 10 days of disuse, the item will start to deteriorate slowly. It will repair itself once used again. How this happens is currently unknown.

SCP-3381-Alpha has varied from subject to subject, but has always been identified as a  are always emblazoned on the front of the structure. Any attempt to move away from the studio has always resulted in the subject waking up.

The building is inhabited by a group of entities, usually friendly to the dreamer, unless inopportune subjects are brought up. SCP-3381-A will usually prompt the dreamer to join them in making a movie, and will ask for a general direction before starting filming. During the following sleep sessions, the subjects will always dream of the studio as long as they sleep on SCP-3381.

After a variable amount of time, the filming will conclude, and upon waking up, subject will find a DVD copy of said movie under SCP-3381. As of now, the DVDs created by SCP-3381 have not shown any anomalous qualities.
Following are the descriptions of the entities inhabiting SCP-3381-Alpha, based on dreamers' memories and the outcome of Experiment-3381-5:

SCP-3381-A
SCP-3381-B
SCP-3381-C
SCP-3381-D
SCP-3381-E
SCP-3381-F
SCP-3381-G

SCP-3381-A is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity identifies itself as , and appears to be a middle-aged man of European descent. SCP-3381-A is the first entity to interact with a dreaming subject, asking for what kind of movie the subject would like to make. He has been described as the head of the location, directing and instructing the other entities. It is speculated that SCP-3381-A is the oldest entity present inside the studio, as it has shown to be familiar with events up to 1920.

SCP-3381-B is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity identifies itself as , and appears to be a young man of approximately thirty years of age, of African-American descent. SCP-3381-B takes the part of an important male role in the movie's production, unless it is taken by the dreamer. In that case, it has been recorded acting an important supporting cast member. It has shown to be familiar with events up to 1928.

SCP-3381-C is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity identifies itself as , and appears to be a young woman of approximately thirty years of age, of Caucasian descent. SCP-3381-C takes the part of an important female role in the movie's production, unless it is taken by the dreamer. In that case, it has been recorded acting an important supporting cast member. It has been described as being well-versed in philosophy and history subjects up to 1935.

SCP-3381-D is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity identifies itself as the , and appears to be a middle aged woman of American descent. SCP-3381-D has been seen dealing with preparations before filming, from make-up to constructions of sets. It also seems to be the responsible for props or secondary actors, producing them via unknown means. These entities usually last until the scene shooting is done, before vanishing. These entities are docile and amicable, regardless of their normal behavior. SCP-3381-D has shown to be familiar with events up to the 1947.

SCP-3381-E is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity identifies itself as , and appears to be a young man of around thirty years of age, of Asian descent. SCP-3381-E has been seen filming and editing the movie. It has shown to be familiar with events up to 1962.

SCP-3381-F is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity is identified as  by the other entities, and it appears to be a humanoid-shaped dark mass, around 75 centimeters in height. It is unable or unwilling to speak, and tends to avoid contact with the dreamer, but it has been seen to interact with the other entities in a friendly manner, or to observe the shooting.

SCP-3381-G is the designation given to a humanoid entity inside SCP-3381-Alpha. The entity has not been identified, as all the other entities refuse to speak of it, and react with extreme hostility towards it. The entity appears to be a humanoid-shaped dark mass, around 1.70 meters in height, with long fingers leaking a mix of blood and [REDACTED]. It is unable or unwilling to speak, and never comes close to the shooting. Various subjects have sighted it observing the shooting from far away, standing motionless. Every time the other entities are alerted of it, they stop the shooting to chase SCP-3381-G away.

+3381

-log

All experiments were conducted under Dr. Corvino's supervision. Due to the safe nature of the object, also volunteers have also been accepted for these experiments.

Experiment 3381-01 

Subject:  D-88254-62

Notes:  Subject was instructed to make an action movie.

Results:  Process took 5 days. A DVD titled  was created. The movie consists of a well-edited action flick with D-88254-62 in the lead role, along with SCP-3381-B and SCP-3381-C. Other actors were recognized by the subject as people he had met in the past.

Experiment 3381-02 

Subject:  D-66354-11

Notes:  Subject was instructed to make a documentary.

Results:  Process took 8 days. A DVD titled  was created. The movie depicted D-66354-62 in the guise of a researcher explaining the biology and ecology of plants of the family Rosaceae. SCP-3381-B was spotted in the background, while SCP-3381-C appeared as a biologist. When interviewed, D-66354-11 noted that her mother used to have a garden filled with roses.

Experiment 3381-03 

Subject:  D-90251-52

Notes:  Subject was given free choice on what he wished to create

Results:  Subject woke up after approximately 27 minutes. When interviewed, the subject said he asked for a , and he was consequently attacked by SCP-3381-A, causing the subject to wake up. After the events, D-90251-52 seemed unable to fall asleep on SCP-3381.

Experiment 3381-04 

Subject:  D-11863-61

Notes:  Subject was instructed to make a movie about SCP-████: subject has never interacted with said SCP and was given only a vague explanations about on how it appears and acts.

Results:  Process took 27 days. A DVD titled .

Experiment 3381-05 

Subject:  Dr. Corvino

Notes:  Dr. Corvino intended to interview the entities inside SCP-3381-Alpha

Results:  see interview logs for results

Experiment 3381-06 

Subject:  D-3661-47

Notes:  Subject was instructed to make a movie about SCP-3381-F and SCP-3381-G

Results:  The process took 14 days. A VHS tape without title was created. The movie starts with 23 minutes of a still shot of a sleeping figure in an unknown room. At the 23 minute mark, the video fades to black, before opening on a red room, where SCP-3381-G is seen standing motionless, apparently staring at the camera for 46 minutes. The movie ends abruptly. During questioning, D-3661-47 could not remember anything about his dreams, only that he feels deeply disturbed whenever trying to remember.
附加记录：    

+extracts

-log

Following experiment 3381-05, the interviews from Dr. Corvino were extracted from the DVD created in experiment 3381-05, 

Interviewer:  Dr. Corvino

Interviewee:  SCP-3381-A

Note:  In this section of the movie Dr. Corvino and SCP-3381-A are sitting on a bench: behind them, an outline of a city can be seen.

Dr. Corvino:  So what is your real name, director?

SCP-3381-A:  Aaah, straight to the point huh? Well, I guess this is supposed to be an interview seems more fitting, aye?

Dr. Corvino:  I understand Francis. It is nice to know your real name. So Francis, where are you from? How did you end up working here in Dream Studios?

SCP-3381-A:  Well

Dr. Corvino:  Could you describe him?

SCP-3381-A:  Heh and said he was done. Just like that. He left me the keys and left. Just like that, he was gone. Said I was the new director.

Dr. Corvino:  I see. What happened after that?

SCP-3381-A:  I kinda feel like this is the place for me, you feel me?

Addendum:  Research revealed a Francis Black who matched the description of SCP-3381-A, who died from liver cancer in 1921 in the city of Los Angeles.
附加记录：    

Interviewer:  Dr. Corvino

Interviewee:  SCP-3381-B

Note:  This section of the movie was recorded inside what appears to be a diner. The insignia  can be seen through the window. Dr. Corvino and SCP-3381-B are sitting at the counter. An unidentified jazz score is playing in the background.

Dr. Corvino:  So, my friend what can you tell me about yourself?

SCP-3381-B:  Well, there isn't much to say, to be honest. I'm afraid my life is not as interesting as it is in my movies.

Dr. Corvino:  Well, why don't we start from the beginning, then? Why don't we start with your name?

SCP-3381-B:  Well, my mother called me Tony. And from my father, I got the surname Mayers. I was born us colored folk, if you catch my drift.

Dr. Corvino:  I can imagine

SCP-3381-B:  I'm afraid you can't. No offense, but you white folks can't really say you understand how it was at all when the Klan came back in the '15, and we had to watch our backs all the time. It was terrible, there were news of people being beaten and assaulted every day, and it only got worse

Dr. Corvino:  I understand. So, how did you get by?

SCP-3381-B:  Well

Dr. Corvino:  Yes I do. Please, continue

SCP-3381-B:  Yeah, so, I said to myself it was worth a shot well, I sold them, got a bit of income.

Dr. Corvino:  Didn't Francis pay you?

SCP-3381-B:  I well, I guess I kinda didn't feel like leaving. So he gave me a room, and so I'm always around, being annoying. I just hope my mom can see how well I'm doing now!

Addendum:  Research revealed a diner called  used to exist in ████ ██, Los Angeles. It was also discovered that a man named Anthony Myers, who matched the description of SCP-3381-B, died in 1930 in his bed after an assault from a group of white supremacists on a black bar in Los Angeles.
附加记录：    

Interviewer:  Dr. Corvino

Interviewee:  SCP-3381-C

Note:  This section of the movie was filmed during night time, on a Ferris wheel. No stars can be seen.

SCP-3381-C:  So I take it this is my turn, yes?

Dr. Corvino:  It would seem like it. I'm trying to go in order of the ones who have worked here the longest.

SCP-3381-C:  Oh, that seems smart. Well

Addendum:  Research revealed that a woman by the name Claudine Orbison, who died of gas poisoning in her bed in 1938, lived in Los Angeles.
附加记录：    

Interviewer:  Dr. Corvino

Interviewee:  SCP-3381-D

Note:  This section of the movie was filmed inside a brightly lit room, filled with props, costumes and general movie-related items. SCP-3381-D is seated in front of the camera. Dr. Corvino is out of frame.

Dr. Corvino:  And here we are, behind the scenes with our one and only-

SCP-3381-D:  Jackie Coos. Yaaaay, that's me!

Dr. Corvino:  Indeed it is. So, would you like to talk to us a bit about yourself?

SCP-3381-D:  Well. (SCP-3381-D looks around, apparently nervous) I'm sorry, I've never been in front of a camera before. Usually I just make props and dress the others up!

Dr. Corvino:  Would you like to tell us about how you started working for the studio?

SCP-3381-D:  Well and even a home, after I got the chance to stay here!

Addendum:  Research discovered a Jackie Coos who had died in 1947 in her studio in Los Angeles due to starvation.
附加记录：    

Interviewer:  Dr. Corvino

Interviewee:  SCP-3381-E

Note : This section of the movie was filmed inside an editing room. SCP-3381-E is seated in front of a video editing workstation. Dr. Corvino is out of frame.

SCP-3381-E:  Honestly, I don't know why you feel like including me. I don't exactly do much here

Dr. Corvino:  You do a lot of work, actually. The editor is an unsung hero in the film industry, isn't that right? How did you learn to do that kind of work? Oh, also, please introduce yourself.

SCP-3381-E:  Uh

Dr. Corvino:  I can imagine how the confrontation went, yes.

SCP-3381-E:  He offered me a job. Like, a legit one. He was usually the one doing the filming and the editing, so he showed me what to do.

Dr. Corvino:  And how was it? Working here, I mean.

SCP-3381-E:  Ah, it was terrible! I hated it! Sure, I can't complain now, and I know I have to be thankful to Francis for what he did I kinda noticed they are all quite old-timey. I don't mind much now, but when I started, it was terrible.

Dr. Corvino:  But you stayed.

SCP-3381-E:  Heh, of course I did

Addendum:  A man by the name of David McAndrew was declared missing in 1965 in the city of Los Angeles, and subsequently declared dead after seven years.
附加记录：    

Interview with SCP-3381-F consists of 12 minutes of shaky camera chasing SCP-3381-F through what appears to be an abandoned apartment complex in an advanced state of decay. No interview with SCP-3381-G was recorded.
附加记录：    

Addendum 3381-01:  After Experiment-3381-06, the item was seen to deteriorate faster then usual. Sleeping subjects do not remember seeing SCP-3381-Alpha, and instead describe nightmares and lucid dreams involving SCP-3381-G. No movie has been created by these subjects. The item has been seen secreting saline water, as well as red liquid: test results showed this substance to be blood, specifically from an unknown human female.

+3381-07

-log

Experiment 3381-07 

Subjects:  Agent Mixson (Stuffy), Agent Whitely (Grimm), Agent Lofton (Sassy).

Notes:  Due to the drastic changes in the behavior of SCP-3381 after Experiment 3381-06, Dr. Corvino requested the intervention of MTF Omicron Rho  to investigate the cause of the item's new behavior. Agent Mixson was given the order to fall asleep on SCP-3381, while Agent Whitely and Agent Lofton were to join him once asleep.

Results:  The experiment lasted for 37 minutes. Subjects were seen moving and muttering in their sleep. Agent Whitely was the first to wake up without major incident. Agent Lofton woke up 12 seconds later without major incident. Agent Mixson woke up 63 seconds later, and attempted to attack surrounding personnel. After a struggle, Agent Mixson was forcibly sedated by guard personnel. An interview was soon taken with Agent Whitely shortly afterwards.
附加记录：    

Interviewer:  Dr. Corvino

Interviewee:  Agent Whitely

Dr. Corvino:  How are you feeling, soldier? (Chair scraping) Still holding up?

Agent Whitely:  Nothing I can't handle sir, thank you. I'll feel better after I take my meds.

Dr. Corvino:  I understand. I hope you feel well enough to file a report on your mission. We must do it as soon as possible, you know that.

Agent Whitely:  Yes sir, I'm aware. I'm ready to answer your questions.

Dr. Corvino:  Very well. Would you please start from when you and Agent Lofton entered Agent Mixson's dream?

Agent Whitely:  Yeah, sure. So Anyway, we had read the reports, so we figured we couldn't be that far off from SCP-3381-Alpha, so we regrouped and started to move along the beach.

Dr. Corvino:  I take it there was something other than the beach, then?

Agent Whitely:  Ah, yes yes, the beach seemed like it was just the edge of an island, and we could head inland if we wanted (Subject rubs her eyes) Excuse me.

Dr. Corvino:  Take your time. I'm sure your medicine is on the way.

Agent Whitely:  I hope so. Well, Sassy opened the door, and the first thing I noticed was the smell. It was terrible

Agent Whitely:  We kept going. It was like something had completely wrecked the place. There were markings all over, chairs broken and shapes like little dolls. It was not much worse, 'til we started to go up. I should mention, that the pictures started to appear around this time, too.

Dr. Corvino:  What pictures?

Agent Whitely:  Ah yeah. A lot of them. all the same picture, framed, or just like that, nailed to the walls. All of this little blonde girl with pigtails. A lot of them were scratched-up and smeared with blood. Sassy could probably give you a better description

Dr. Corvino:  Noted. Please continue.

Agent Whitely:  Yeah, so, we kept going. There were few sets of stairs, some of them defying gravity but well, dream. There were a lot of closed doors, too. We could hear people screaming from the inside, banging on the doors or the walls.*

Dr. Corvino:  Can you remember if these voices said anything understandable?

Agent Whitely:  Yeah

Dr. Corvino:  SCP-3381-E? (A shuffling of paper as Dr. Corvino holds up a still frame of SCP-3381-E)

Agent Whitely:  Yeah, that guy. On the floor, screaming, with rats all over him. They ripped his flesh, and then ripped him open, over and over. We moved away from them after a few seconds. Not much we could do there. The second room was odd.

Dr. Corvino:  Define , please.

Agent Whitely:  Well well, concrete. The layout changed rather quickly, actually. The stairs turned into the stairs of what we all just kind of knew was an apartment complex. We could hear screaming still, but it was muffled. The walls were completely covered in those photos, at this point. Quite unnerving.

Agent Whitely:  We stopped after we started to hear footsteps. Like someone running. We moved and took cover. In a matter of moments we saw the little shadow we held position, even if I knew Stuffy wanted to jump in. The big one kept chasing the smaller one 'til it reached it, and it started to [DATA EXPUNGED]

Dr. Corvino:  I happened after?

Agent Whitely:  Well, the big one moved away, and what was left of the small one vanished. And after a few seconds, we heard the running again. Stuffy wanted to intervene, but me and Sassy tried to push him forward you guys gave us an exploration mission, so we kept going. Until we found ourselves face to face with the big one. Like, it came out right from behind a corner!

Dr. Corvino:  Did it try to interact with you?

Agent Whitely:  I feel like it didn't expect there to be three of us. It started to move towards Stuffy, but stopped when it saw me and Sassy. Backed away, holding its head as it started raining outside. I I couldn't have done anything more.

Dr. Corvino:  I understand agent, thank you for your report. This interview is over.

 
附加记录：    

After interviewing Agent Lofton, additional information was obtained from his recollections:

A study of the position of the stars in the dream's sky positioned the Studio's location on the island of Lemnos, Greece.
The unknown child depicted in the photos has been identified as Susan Baker, murdered in 1986 in Los Angeles after being kidnapped and held prisoner for two months by ██████ Lewis, who killed her in her sleep. He was subsequently found and killed during a police raid two months later.
The boxes in the storage area were marked as 

Addendum-3381-07-A:  One week after the events of Experiment 3381-07, the item was tested again, as all external anomalies had ceased to manifest. SCP-3381 has returned to its usual behavior, except now SCP-3381-F is often sighted in the background of movies, waving or cheering. There has not been any reported sighting of SCP-3381-G as of yet.

Addendum-3381-07-B:  Two days after Experiment 3381-07, Agent Mixson reported sightings of an entity resembling SCP-3381-G in his dreams, as if part of his own self. To avoid a breach in containment, Agent's Oneiric form was killed following Omicron Rho's Omega protocol, stopping any possible contact with his dreams. Agent was removed from task force Omicron Rho, and reassigned to on-site duty. Agent declared that when his Oneiric form was killed, he could feel .

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sleep
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:17
            
            Edit
+52)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Elogee Chamber
                      
              Ike for President
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Demons Souls English Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Uniofbeds
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CAA Institute
                      
              Accommodating Cosmic Anomalies Since 1908
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

