                        

Item #:  SCP-1356

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1356 is kept in a small box in the storage facilities of Research Sector-09, unless approved for removal and transportation.

Description:  SCP-1356 is a small bath toy, resembling one of several generic  when squeezed.

When held by a human subject, the object appears to displace liquid water. If a subject holding the toy attempts to enter a lake or pool, for example, they will find that all liquid within an area extending approximately 152.4 x 81.3 x 45.7cm from the body disappears.

Tests performed in a small indoor pool revealed that the approximate volume of water before and after exposure to SCP-1356 remained consistent. However, even in the presence of a subject holding the anomalous duck, water levels were never observed to rise. This suggests that the object displaces the liquid to an unknown location, from which it eventually  water, although pH levels indicate a slight increase in acidity.

As the depth of displaced water never exceeds an average of 46 seamlessly shifts to accomodate even the most abrupt movements. Testing to discover the parameters of this phenomenon, as well as potential practical uses, are ongoing.

See enclosed documents for updates and results.

ExcerptEffect

-ExcerptEffect

Objective:  Determine parameters of .

Procedure:  Subjects of various heights instructed to enter water with SCP-1356 at depths never exceeding subject's shoulder-height. Subjects encouraged to make every effort to bring hands or face into contact with the water surrounding the  created by the object.

Results:  So long as the subject is in standing-depth of water, the cm.

When test subject bends, water recedes rather than come into contact with hands or upper body;  subjects report no change in air pressure, however, breathability of air is limited.

The greatest depth at which this total submersion of subject and m, dependent on height of subject.

ExcerptRaft

-ExcerptRaft

Objective:  Determine whether  displacement can be used to keep subject afloat in deep water.

Procedure:  Four subjects of sufficient strength and flexibility instructed to carry SCP-1356 into water of a depth of 2.5.

Results:  All subjects report the same results, with variable degrees of difficulty and time elapsed before exhaustion. The following  have now been consistently demonstrated:

1)  Once subject is out of standing-depth,  SCP-1356 creates around subject maintains its shape, volume, and orientation at the surface of the water.

2)  Out of standing-depth, subject's orientation inside of  floating at waist-depth. Subject will now be able to submerge hands and forearms in water below waist-level, but any attempt to raise this water in handfuls is impossible.

3)  Attempts to re-orient upper or lower body inside  in addition, remaining in this suspended state for more than ten minutes negatively impacts the circulation of blood to the lower body, eventually resulting in intense cramping and faintness.

ExcerptTest

-ExcerptTest

Objective:  Test object's anomalous properties when not carried/in contact with human subject.

Procedure 1:  SCP-1356 placed in a small pool.

Results:  Object does not displace any amount of water, or affect pH levels in any significant way; object floats.

Procedure 2:  SCP-1356 placed in a small pool, and bombarded with jets of water and various items.

Results:  Despite the object's pliant PVC materials being easily damaged outside of water, when placed in any volume of water sufficient to keep it  bobbing, but always remaining upright and afloat.

 - Dr. Dhruva
附加记录：    

Addendum 1:  Prolonged exposure to SCP-1356 (hereafter defined as a sustained interval approaching or exceeding two hours, in any depth of water) appears to affect the subject's skin, which takes on the  texture associated with autonomic nerve responses to prolonged contact with water.

After 2.5 hours of exposure a subject was also found to be significantly dehydrated, despite receiving fluids before exposure to SCP-1356 and sweating minimally.
Addendum 2: 

Note.

close

Of course, it seems we haven't been testing the item's intended purpose; I'd imagine my nephew would say it works rather well. - Dr. C
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Nov 2019 15:26
            
            Edit
+264)
Tags
Discuss (41)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Early Childhood Program Administration
                      
              Resources, Training, Best Practices, Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Karma-Lab
                      
              KARMA Technology and the products incorporating it
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AdventRO Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

