                        

Item #:  SCP-3142

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All major American financial institutions have been advised to monitor consumer accounts for unexplained fluctuations, with the stated goal of preventing software malfunction. Foundation personnel embedded within the numismatics community are to suppress knowledge of the existence of SCP-3142. Individuals claiming to have experienced incidents consistent with SCP-3142 are to be located and amnesticized immediately; however, due to the detailed knowledge of SCP-3142 required to induce anomalous effects, this has been deemed a low-risk threat.

Access to Document 3142-01 is to be restricted to financially stable Level-3 personnel with registered personal checking accounts at regulated financial institutions. Monetary losses incurred during testing of SCP-3142 will be reimbursed by the Foundation. To reduce expenditure, preferential access to Document 3142-01 is to be given to personnel with countermemetic training.

Description:  SCP-3142 is an unused design for a commemorative coin in the denomination of $1 intended for production by the United States Mint in 2001. SCP-3142's technical specifications include a 38.1mm diameter and a composition of 90% silver to 10% copper, consistent with contemporary $1 US commemorative coins. Further description of SCP-3142, including potential financial infohazards, is available in Document 3142-01.

SCP-3142's anomalous properties manifests when an individual constructs an accurate mental image of SCP-3142. Immediately following visualization, one of the following events will occur:

The net balance of one personal checking account registered by the individual will decrease by one US dollar (or foreign equivalent, subject to current exchange rates). All records of this account, digital and otherwise, will instantaneously change to reflect the new balance.
If the individual does not maintain a personal checking account, currency within 10cm of the individual will become altered to reflect a loss of one US dollar. Bills and coins may be instantaneously created, destroyed, or substituted to accomplish this effect. All new or altered money appears indistinguishable from genuine instances of the original type of currency.
Individuals without an active checking account or at least one US dollar (or equivalent) within 10cm will dematerialize for 2 Following reappearance, individuals are aware that time has elapsed but unable to remember any details of their experience during the interval.

SCP-3142's anomalous effects manifest repeatedly with each new attempted visualization. No upper limit on the frequency of SCP-3142's effects has been observed to date.

+Information

-Information

SCP-3142 was discovered by the Foundation on November 14, 2001, following widespread reports of financial anomalies among US Mint employees. All affected individuals were determined to have been involved in the design or production of a commemorative coin, referred to within the Mint as 01CE. Foundation employees administered amnestics to all affected employees and other witnesses, then retrieved all descriptions and information pertaining to 01CE (later reclassified as SCP-3142). A planned press release for the coin is reproduced below, with potential infohazards removed.

WASHINGTON  the basis of imaginary numbers.

The obverse side of the American Imagination Commemorative Silver Dollar features a portrait of ████ ██████ beside the iconic ██████ █████ logo. Inscriptions include include 

The reverse side features ████████ ██████ ██████, as seen in the ████ ██████ Pictures logo. Inscriptions include 

Please note that this coin has no real monetary value.
附加记录：    

During recovery, Agent Joshua Ogunleye conducted the following interview with Miranda Gresham, an artist employed by the Mint who contributed to the design of SCP-3142. Gresham was one of ██ employees found to have been financially affected by SCP-3142.

 

Ogunleye:  Hello, Ms. Gresham. Please, take a seat. I'd like to ask you a few questions about the discrepancies in your bank account that you mentioned.

Gresham:  All right.

Ogunleye:  Thank you. First, when did you first begin to notice that some of your money was missing?

Gresham:  I think it was about three weeks ago. I remember it was just after I came up with the design for 01CE, right before I started actually sculpting it.

Ogunleye:  And how did you find out about the discrepancy?

Gresham:  I keep a pretty close eye on my money, which I guess is appropriate given what I do for a living. One day I went to the bank, and I found out the balance they showed didn't match up with what I had written down in my checkbook. The difference just got bigger and bigger every time I checked, especially when I'd been working a lot.

Ogunleye:  Did they have any idea where the money went?

Gresham:  None. No suspicious transactions or anything. I think they must be covering something up, because otherwise I don't know how all that money just disappears. Unless

Ogunleye:  Go on.

Gresham:  No, it's a stupid idea. Just forget I even said anything.

Ogunleye:  Please, I'd like to hear it.

Gresham:   All right. So, if I have one of these $i$-dollar coins, that's basically an imaginary dollar, right?

Ogunleye:  I suppose so.

Gresham:  And if I imagine a real dollar, that would also be like having an imaginary dollar.

Ogunleye:  Okay.

Gresham:  So if I imagine this $i$ is minus one, does that mean?

Gresham:  Like I said, dumb idea. Obviously it doesn't work like that.

Ogunleye:  Of course not. Thank you for your time, Ms. Gresham.

 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
$i$ is defined as the square root of -1.
2. Currently eight minutes and seventeen seconds as of 7/24/2009

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 17:38
            
            Edit
+120)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BATTLESTAR GENESIS MUSH
                      
              battlestar.isunlimited.net    3012
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Evil Hat Productions Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Never Lands
                      
              Never Lands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

