                        

SCP-683-2

Item #:  SCP-683

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-683 is to be kept in a standard 8x8x5m research bay equipped with a portable gas-powered generator. SCP-683 itself is to be covered with a suitably large, opaque drop cloth to prevent inadvertent visual contact when not involved in active research. Research bay door should meet Level II hazard control rating (steel door, reinforced hinges, SCPassport keycard access with manual override) but without the standard observation window. Video surveillance is restricted to this exterior door until testing is approved for recorded viewing of SCP-683. No guards should be posted unless approved by Level 3 or higher administrative staff, again to prevent possible inadvertent visual contact. No food or drink is permitted within twenty (20) meters of the containment area. SCP-683 is currently held in research bay Zingiber-4 at Site-19 under these conditions.

Description:  SCP-683 consists of two objects: SCP-683-1 and SCP-683-2. When its unique properties are activated, it will produce samples of SCP-683-3.

SCP-683-1 is a white 1953 Crosley Shelvador brand refrigerator showing moderate external wear. Internally, SCP-683-1 appears clean and well-maintained regardless of contents, results of testing procedures, or deliberate attempts to soil it. SCP-683-1's power cord terminates in an unknown plug configuration that has proven incompatible with modern outlets. Foundation electrical engineers have constructed an adapter (Inventory Control Code 19Alys-683-7) allowing SCP-683-1 to run via a standard gas-powered home generator, which is used for all testing. When supplied with electrical power, SCP-683-1 functions adequately as a refrigeration unit. SCP-683-1's unusual properties will function with or without electrical power, but when power is provided, instances of SCP-683-3 produced do not appear to decay or spoil as long as they are kept within the unit.

SCP-683-2 is a child's (age approximated at between 5 and 7 years) drawing on standard 8.5 white paper, oriented as a landscape, and affixed by unknown means to SCP-683-1's exterior. SCP-683-2 appears to have been created with pencil and felt pen, showing evidence of moderate water damage at some point in its past. The drawing depicts a mountainous exterior landscape with an anthropomorphic sun, a house, a well, a dog, various vegetation, and a central figure which appears to be wearing a chef's toque.

Any person either uttering disparaging remarks about SCP-683-2 or attempting to remove it from the surface of SCP-683-1 begins to incur damage to both internal organs and skin/musculature upon ingesting any food item. The damage manifests as the excision of tissue from various locations on the body equal in mass to the food ingested. This effect ceases once the victim has ingested .42 kilograms worth of food and an equal amount of tissue has been excised. Though observably painful, tissue is excised seemingly instantaneously following each bite of food, and has yet to strike any internal structure that would cause the death of the subject before the .42 kilogram threshold is reached. All subjects have expired within twenty-six (26) days of last excision.

Once the .42 kilogram excision of tissue is complete, a brown . Text appears symmetrically in capital letters printed in black ink. Writing style appears consistent with each sample of SCP-683-3. With each appearance, SCP-683-3 has contained the following:

A sandwich consisting of two (2) pieces of white bread (crusts removed) and .21 kilograms of various excised flesh and viscera. DNA analysis has confirmed it to be that of subjects who last disparaged or attempted to remove SCP-683-2
A plastic zip-top bag containing .21 kilograms of various excised flesh and viscera. DNA analysis has again confirmed it to be that of subjects who last disparaged or attempted to remove SCP-683-2
A plastic zip-top bag containing three (3) chocolate chip cookies, measuring approximately 9cm in diameter. Testing shows no abnormalities or traces of DNA
A 3 written on SCP-683-3's exterior

Following testing, all instances of SCP-683-3 have been incinerated with no unusual effects.

SCP-683-2 cannot be removed from SCP-683-1, and all attempts to do so have resulted in the activation of SCP-683's unusual properties. Without any attempt to remove it, SCP-683-2 has been set alight and incinerated via a simple match on three (3) occasions, but has returned to the surface of SCP-683-1 within sixty-eight (68) hours each time. Despite expectations, D-Class personnel who performed the incinerations were unaffected by SCP-683.

If multiple subjects disparage or attempt to remove SCP-683-2 at one time, only the first subject to do so experiences its effects. No further subjects can be affected until production of an instance of SCP-683-3.

Subjects who fast following removal attempts or disparaging of SCP-683-2 are unaffected until they attempt to ingest food. To date, two (2) subjects have starved themselves to death without suffering any effect from SCP-683. Subjects fed intravenously following removal attempts or disparaging of SCP-683-2 have been affected as if they were consuming solid foods.

Discovery:  SCP-683 was discovered in a storage unit adjacent to the home of one Yolanda ██████████ of ████████████████, Washington. A collector of vintage refrigerators and furnishings, Miss ██████████ claims to have simply found SCP-683 unattended on a street corner in late July, 19██. Her nephew, who reportedly helped her move the item, died two weeks following the move (C.O.D. on cert listed as complications from hernia). The item was brought to the Foundation's attention when an appraiser occasionally under contract with the Foundation (through front agency Sentiments of Centuries Past Ltd.) became a victim of SCP-683's effects while evaluating Miss ██████████'s .

When asked why she never attempted to remove SCP-683-2, Miss ██████████ replied, 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Apr 2020 02:03
            
            Edit
+255)
Tags
Discuss (48)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Jakeopod Wiki
                      
              All things Jakeopod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金會
                      
              控制，收容，保護
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

