                        

Flooding on the property of PoI #5496, resultant of SCP-2185 activity.

Item #:  SCP-2185

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Efforts to contain SCP-2185 are ongoing. Foundation negotiation experts have met with individuals believed to be ringleaders in the operation of SCP-2185 in order to reach a compromise that would result in the cessation of its violent anomalous actions. More active and aggressive containment efforts have been deemed an unnecessary risk at this point in time, as these might result in a great widening of SCP-2185 activity, currently relatively isolated. Persons of Interest affected by the actions of SCP-2185 are to be dealt with on an individual case basis as decreed by the Foundation Diplomatic Committee. Unrelated individuals affected by SCP-2185 are to be dealt with in accordance to standard DaC (Denial and Compensation) procedure and the phenomena explained to be the result of unusual flash floods. The Foundation's possession of anomalous creatures similar in composition to members of SCP-2185 is not to come to their attention.

Description:  SCP-2185 is a collective of water-based semi-humanoid entities (describing themselves as ).

As a result of said grievance, the entities claim to have decided to band together and form SCP-2185 as a method of forcing , typically by causing unnatural surges in local piping or overflowing reservoirs using what are believed to be innate water manipulation abilities. Said abilities are likely the reason the entities comprising SCP-2185 originally began to be employed by the aforementioned individuals. Damage to unrelated populace as result of SCP-2185 activity has been minimal so far and is believed to be an unintended side-effect.

As a result of these attacks, several of the aforementioned individuals (hence Persons of Interest) have sought mediation between themselves and SCP-2185. In order to minimize anomalous interruptions to public order, the Foundation, having some prior experience with similar creatures (see SCP-███, SCP-████ and SCP-054) has agreed to act as mediator between the PoIs and SCP-2185, who agreed to meet with Foundation negotiators on neutral grounds.

Addendum:  On ██/██/2015, Agents Lefet and Ramasubramanian met with a delegation from SCP-2185 on neutral ground, to discuss terms of truce between SCP-2185 and one of its targets, POI-56782

The delegation from SCP-2185 consisted as follows:

SCP-2185-A – Cold salt water. Waves ripple across its surface regardless of wind conditions. Primary spokesman.

SCP-2185-B – Cold fresh water. Contains an imitation skeleton made up of common freshwater plants.

SCP-2185-C – Warm salt water. Clear, contains schools of tropical fish.

SCP-2185-D - Waste water – contains large amounts of mud, human feces, and several animal carcasses.

 

Agent L:  Thank you for agreeing to meet with us about this.

SCP-2185-A:  You seem capable of helping us reach a satisfactory conclusion, gentlemen.

Agent L:  Right. So, if you could give me an overview of your organization’s grievances with Mr. Horowitz, we can get started.

SCP-2185-A:  You are in contact with him, correct?

Agent L:  Yes, we are. We will do as much as we can to keep communications open between your respective parties.

SCP-2185-C:  Has he said anything to you yet?

Agent L:  No, he has stated that he wishes to wait and respond to your statements himself.

SCP-2185-D:  Pussy.

SCP-2185-B:  Are you surprised? You shouldn’t be surprised.

SCP-2185-C:  He always lawyers up and clams down.

Agent L:  If we can, ah…

SCP-2185-A:  We’re looking for fulfillment of our contract. Horowitz has blatantly misused us and those we represent.

Agent L:  Can you give examples?

SCP-2185-A:  Binding beyond standard terms, unsafe work conditions…

SCP-2185-C:  …lack of overtime pay, late wages…

SCP-2185-B:  Double shifts large enough that they severely cut into our home life.

SCP-2185-C:  I haven’t seen my wife in weeks.

SCP-2185-A:  And assorted other violations of protocol and contract as detailed in this document. [SCP-2185-C places large engraved rock on table.] As you can see, violations began in…

Agent R:  [to Agent L] Sounds like our bosses.

Agent L:  [to Agent R] Don’t need to tell me twice.

Agent R:  [to Agent L]: You gonna cut that?

Agent L:  [to Agent R]: Nope.

SCP-2185-A:  …which in turn led to a pseudo-spawning for the local hellsalmon – Is something the matter?

Agent L:  No, nothing.

SCP-2185-A:  Ah. Well, that is the nature of our complaints in brief, I will let my associate here bring forth our requests.

SCP-2185-B:  Yes, yes, requests. We request-

SCP-2185-C:  Demand.

SCP-2185-B:  Yes, yes, demand. We demand that the aforementioned Mr. Horowitz-

SCP-2185-C:  Rotten bastard that he is.

SCP-2185-B:  Yes, yes, we demand that Mr. Horowitz, rotten bastard that he is, immediately cease all summoning and binding of aquaform thaumaturgic case servitors from the aforementioned union, as well as all nixies, nymphs and merfolk connected to the organization. We likewise demand the payment in full of all withheld wages accrued over the last nine months, with additional restitution for legal and health expenses, as detailed in our official complaint. Fai-

SCP-2185-D:  We also want coffee breaks.

Agent L:  Coffee breaks?

SCP-2185-B:  Coffee? Jesus, man, that's disgusting!

SCP-2185-C:  You have a family, you deviant!

SCP-2185-D:  Hey, what I do with my spare time ain't your business!

SCP-2185-B:  We'll talk about this later! Ahm. I apologize for that, gentlemen. Anyway, failure to deliver restitution within the allotted period of ten days will be considered default of contract, and subject to standard reprisals.

Agent L:  Being?

SCP-2185-C:  Flood his house.

Agent L:  Ah, yes. If I might ask, this seems to happen a lot – we have accounts of at least eight other such defaults.

SCP-2185-C:  People don’t know how to properly handle folk like us any more. It’s always some Invisible Hand of the Market or some dinky earth-mother figures. Never anything proper. It's why we unionized.

SCP-2185-D:  I like the part where we flood the house. Can we flood the house soon?

SCP-2185-A:  We’ll see, we’ll see. [as an aside to Agent L and Agent R] He’s a bit slow on the uptake, I’m afraid. Had to let him in cause his father is rather influential.

Agent L:  I see. Well then, we will pass on your demands to Mr. Horowitz and will contact you when we have a response.

SCP-2185-A:  We await.

[There is a sound similar to water flowing through a drain as the SCP-2185 specimens soak into the floor and vanish.]

Agent R:  Wizards, man.

Agent L:  Say, what do you think these things do with coffee?

Agent R:  Man, I don't wanna fucking know.

 
附加记录：    

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  Water.jpg

Name:  Flooded house, Reading Road, Winnersh - geograph.org.uk - 504307.jpg

Author:  Andrew Smith

License:  CC BY-SA 2.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Sep 2020 15:11
            
            Edit
+167)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            OzRadOnc
                      
              A collection of thoughts and notes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LGAM Knowledge Base
                      
              Local Government Knowledge Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ΔΙΑΤΡΟΦΙΚΕΣ ΣΥΝΗΘΕΙΕΣ ΤΩΝ ΜΑΘΗΤΩΝ ΣΤΟ ΣΧΟΛΕΙΟ
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            iSchool High
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

