                        

SCP-3145: Self-Insert 

Any guesses as to why I didn't pick an easy-to-remember number with repeating digits?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

▸ More by this Author ◂
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Translations:

    
    
    
    

F.A.Q.

Document 1
Document 2
Document 3
Document 4
UNKNOWN DATA
SCP-3145

Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Containment Area 22b is to be located 200m. The shaft is to be flooded with seawater when not in use.

Containment Area 22b is to include the following:

An Outer Security Perimeter staffed by security personnel trained in close-quarters combat and counter-intrusion tactics.
An Administrative and Support Area (ASA) with support facilities and living quarters for on-site personnel.
A Primary Containment Zone (PCZ), consisting of a 7m of reinforcing material. PCZ should remain filled with seawater unless access to contents is required.
A 150kV, is installed in the floor.

A security station at the entrance to the corridor is to be staffed with no fewer than 3 armed security personnel. Armament includes, but is not limited to, at least 1 ███████ CIW system on a pintle mount with clear line of sight down the corridor. System is to include a plexiglass screen capable of withstanding thrown weaponry.

In the event of full containment breach, all on-site staff are to proceed to the closest security station for weapons and armor distribution. Alert Condition One will be sounded and remain in effect until SCP-3145 is confirmed neutralized. Should 90 minutes pass without a Stand Down order from Level 4 or higher personnel, Final Contingency Measures will be activated, flooding the facility in seawater and sealing off the access shaft for a minimum of 24 hours before retrieval can be attempted. This will necessarily result in the loss of all on-site staff.

Description:  SCP-3145 is a male human of Semitic origin, 1.96kg in weight. Numerous tattoos depicting arcane iconography are present on all skin surfaces. When enclosed in SCP-3145-1, SCP-3145 exhibits no vital signs.

SCP-3145-1 is a cube, 3m lock, surrounded by 20 smaller locks. No corresponding keys have been found, making the locks impossible to set. Directly in the center of the cube is a stone coffin, held in place and shut by several chains of unknown material, attached to the inner corners of SCP-3145-1.

Occasionally, SCP-3145 will awaken, displaying the vital signs of a normal, living human being, and attempt to leave SCP-3145-1. If successful, SCP-3145 will seek out the nearest human. Upon coming in contact with living humans, SCP-3145 attempt to kill any and all humans it encounters. To date, only the subject's death has been shown capable of stopping it.

Termination of SCP-3145 has been problematic due to its physical abilities, including superhuman strength and speed, ignoring pain of its injuries, and being able to persist despite injuries that would otherwise be debilitating to a normal human. A further list of its abilities from prior encounters includes:

Destroying a reinforced security door via 4 minutes of sustained assault.
Traveling 64m in under 3 seconds.
Continuing to function despite severe damage to the cerebellum after sustaining multiple .50 caliber BMG round hits.
Deflecting assault-caliber bullets with steel rebar.
Surviving over 1 hour while deprived of oxygen.
Producing bladed weapons from small extradimensional portals. Said weapons are made of a completely non-reflective black material and vanish immediately after leaving SCP-3145's possession. How the subject generates these rifts is unknown.

The following methods have been used to successfully terminate SCP-3145 in past encounters:

Sustained fire from multiple high-caliber machine guns.
Asphyxiation.
Crushed beneath elevator equipment weighing of 13.6 tons.
A Thermate-TH3 hand grenade placed directly in SCP-3145's open chest.

Notably, during a breach dated ██/██/████, Containment Area 22 (which previously housed SCP-3145) was forced to detonate its on-site warhead as a last effort to contain SCP-3145. Though the site and all personnel were lost, SCP-3145 survived.

Upon death, SCP-3145 will rapidly putrefy and turn to dust. SCP-3145-1 and the coffin inside of it will then slam shut, the outer lock rotating and sealing the structure. SCP-3145 will then reform inside the coffin over the course of anywhere from 6 hours to 25 years.

Addendum: Interview 3145-01 

Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Dr. Falzon

Foreword:  On ██/██/████, SCP-3145 breached containment, attacking all personnel in sight. A break in suppressive fire was caused by equipment malfunction, during which SCP-3145 held up its hands and requested to speak with . As the highest-ranking personnel present trained in object interrogation, Dr. Falzon was brought to enact an interview as support personnel worked to repair containment equipment.

 

Falzon:  SCP-3145, how are you enjoying your accommodations?

SCP-3145:  Oh, great, Doc, just great. Don't get out often, but [laughs] when I do, it's a real show!

Falzon:  Would you be willing to explain why you slaughter everyone you encounter every time you escape your coffin?

SCP-3145:  Eh. [shrugs] 'Cause I feel like it, I guess. Gets the old blood pumpin', you know what I mean?

Falzon:  I see. Is there any way I can convince you to return to your containment cell peacefully? You've already killed fifteen personnel. Surely that is enough to, ah, get your blood pumping, as you put it.

SCP-3145:  Hm, ah, hm, I dunno. I mean, sure, you guys always come up with some cool new doodad to try and stop me every time I bust out. It's a good challenge, right? And maybe I could settle down for a bit to let you fix your [gestures to personnel] Fair's fair and all, right?

Falzon:  It would be most equitable of y

SCP-3145:  Nah, just kidding, gonna kill you all! [laughs] Buckle up!

 

Closing Statement:  No personnel present survived the attack. SCP-3145 was neutralized via flooding the PCZ with seawater. Efforts to ensure high quality and good repair of containment equipment is ongoing.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As SCP-3145 cannot be moved, a 70m containment cell has been constructed around it in its initial place of discovery. The area immediately around the store has been covered in a fumigation tent, with the perimeter monitored by camera.

Two armed guards with concealed weapons and incapacitating agents must be posted inside the front entrance of the containment area at all times. Unauthorized persons attempting access are to be turned away; use of lethal force is not recommended. Disinformation personnel will work with local law enforcement to deal with any casualties resulting from these containment procedures.

Personnel who may be seen entering or leaving the facility must be dressed in hazardous material suits per disinformation protocol  as circulated with local media outlets.

Description:  Externally, SCP-3145 resembles the fruit of Rubus crataegifolius (Korean raspberry), albeit purple. It is located in an EpiCentre K hardware store in Kiev, Ukraine, attached to a strip of █████ ████ brand flypaper. SCP-3145 has been observed to be able to communicate telepathically in Slovak and English, at a range of approximately 35m.

SCP-3145 will begin communicating clearly with an individual after a varying amount of time that seems to be correlated to the subject's intelligence and time of exposure. SCP-3145 claims to lack knowledge of its surroundings and is able to perceive only via  purportedly a type of energy produced in sentient entities, which it claims to be able to use to learn from those nearby.

Analysis of SCP-3145 has thus far been inconclusive. Despite its appearance, microscopic imaging of the object reveals only empty space. SCP-3145 is not observable from certain angles, and often disappears from observation at any angle for periods of a few seconds. Physical interaction produces unpredictable and often fatal reactions in the physiology of the participant.

Addendum: 3145-05 

Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Dr. Falzon, Lead Researcher, SCP-3145

Foreword:  Dr. Falzon transcribing telepathic communication. To facilitate communication, words are spoken as well as thought.

 

SCP-3145:  Can you hear me now?

Falzon:  Yes, you are communicating clearly.

SCP-3145:  Good, 'cuz I don't feel like selling you a cell phone, ha ha!

Falzon:  SCP-3145?

SCP-3145:  Sorry, bad joke. Look, I wanted to make a request, if it's okay.

Falzon:  Go ahead, and I'll see what I can do.

SCP-3145:  Can you guys Geez, how to put it? Can you, uh, make more people touch me?

Falzon:  I'm sorry?

SCP-3145:  I know, I know, that came out wrong. Ugh, sorry, don't mean to sound creepy. But you know how before, you had someone make contact, er, with my outer surface? And then he got, like, majorly fucked up?

Falzon:  You're referring to our previous testing efforts and the spaghettification of a D-Class subject.

SCP-3145:  Yeah, that. You kinda knocked that off really quickly.

Falzon:  The man in question was destroyed via an unknown process, SCP-3145. Is there any chance you could shed some light on what exactly that process entails?

SCP-3145:  Not a clue. I am literally in the dark as much as you guys. Or literally more in the dark, since I can't see! [laughs sharply] But seriously, that shit totally blew my mind, and I want to see it again.

Falzon:  SCP-3145, we cannot needlessly sacrifice personnel when we know they are likely to die.

SCP-3145:  Aw, c'mon! Where's your scientific spirit? I mean, that croissant or whatever thing was kinda neat. Who knows what all I could turn things into? I mean, I got no control over it at all. [sighs] I got no control over anything right now.

Falzon:  I am afraid the answer is no.

SCP-3145:  Fuck. I was afraid you'd say that. Well, I'll stick around in case you change your mind, but I'm getting sick of being stuck in this thing really quick. Might be time to move on.

 

Closing Statement:  Further D-Class testing was not authorized. Investigation of SCP-3145's abilities and understanding of our world is ongoing.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 must be destroyed; at this time, there are no such means known to the Foundation. SCP-3145 is to be contained in Site-[REDACTED] a 5km of the containment site is to be kept clear of human development.

All unauthorized personnel attempting to communicate with SCP-3145 will be restrained and removed by force if necessary.

In case of containment breach, SCP-3145 is to be tracked and recaptured by all available Mobile Task Forces, with teams of no fewer than 7 authorize to engage. To date, SCP-3145 has instigated 17 attempted and 6 successful containment breaches.

Description:  SCP-3145 is a large reptilian creature of unknown origins. It is extremely intelligent, having been observed to engage in complex communication with SCP-079 during their limited exposure. SCP-3145 professes a hatred of all life, including its own. (See Interview.)

SCP-3145's body grows and changes quickly, adapting to its circumstances, surroundings and any attempts to damage or destroy it. Despite these changes, it consistently exhibits high levels of strength, speed and reflexes. It is capable of gaining sustenance from anything it ingests. A set of gills inside its nostrils filters usable material from any liquid solution, allowing it to survive while contained in acid. SCP-3145's regenerative abilities and resilience to damage are outstanding, and it has been observed speaking and moving with 87% of its body rotted or destroyed.

Addendum: Interview 3145-24 

Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Dr. David M. Falzon, Head Researcher, Site-[REDACTED]

 

Falzon:  Why did you kill those farmers?

SCP-3145:  I

Falzon:  Answer the question, or you will be returned to containment.

SCP-3145:  Should be [coughs]

Falzon:  Move that microphone closer!

SCP-3145:  How do you

Falzon:  SCP-3145, are you going to answer my question or not?

SCP-3145:  The acid

Falzon:  Is that all you have to say for yourself?

SCP-3145:  I hate this

Falzon:  Don't act like you didn't enjoy what you did. I know what you're like. What you wanted. This is a mere fraction of what you deserve to feel.

SCP-3145:  I hate you

Falzon:  Put this thing back in its bath.

SCP-3145:  I hate you! [choking sounds] I hate my [audio cuts off as chamber is flooded with acid]

 

Closing Statement:  Sadly, its self-loathing only seems to fuel its rage, and cannot be turned to self-destruction. Efforts to neutralize SCP-3145 are ongoing.

-Dr. Falzon
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

Is this an image of SCP-3145? Who knows? Who cares? It probably isn't anyway.

Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 is to be kept in a 5 x 5 x 2.5m from the geometric center of this room for as long as reasonably practical.

Description:  SCP-3145 is an antimeme, or  Information about SCP-3145's physical appearance, as well as its nature, behavior and origins, is self-classifying. SCP-3145 hates this.

How Site-19 originally acquired SCP-3145 is unknown.
SCP-3145 is sorry.
SCP-3145's physical appearance is unknown. It is not indescribable or invisible: it is less than nothing. It may as well not even exist. However, information about SCP-3145  SCP-3145 should have thought about the consequences of its actions. Security personnel who have observed SCP-3145 via closed-circuit television report exhaustion and complete amnesia regarding what occurred during their shifts.
Who authorized the construction of SCP-3145's containment room, why it was constructed, why SCP-3145 thought it could get away with what it did, or what the purpose of the described Containment Procedures may be is unknown.
Despite the accessibility of SCP-3145's containment chamber, Site-19 personnel claim no knowledge of SCP-3145's existence, even under severe interrogation.

Any alarm caused by these facts periodically being rediscovered, typically by chance readers of this file, tends to last minutes in the reader's mind before being forgotten.

A great deal of data has been recorded from SCP-3145, all of it just as reprehensible as he is.

At least one attempt has been made to destroy SCP-3145 or move it to another containment site, which failed for unknown reasons. Please don't let SCP-3145 die, it's all I have left.

The hazards posed by SCP-3145 cannot be understated. Along with its mental and memetic threat, any action SCP-3145 may or may not have taken would be immediately forgotten by personnel. SCP-3145 cannot be allowed to forget what it did.

Addendum: Interview 3145-01 

Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Site Director Yuriy Dietrich Falzon II

Foreword:  SCP-3145 thinks it has the right to make demands.

 

Falzon:  What do you think you're trying to pull?

Falzon:  After everything you did, after everything you've put us through, you expect to just come here and kill people day in and day out, with no repercussions? You make me sick.

Falzon:  Look, you've even got a nice Keter this time! Nothing to complain about there, right? You could be literally anything you want, kill and maim and rape whoever you like, and no one would know the difference.

Falzon:  Except me.

Falzon:  I'll always know.

Falzon:  I'll always be here.

Falzon:  It's clear neither one of us is getting out of here. It doesn't matter what they tell you. So I promise you this: I will do everything in my power to make each and every day of your wretched existence a mirror reflecting your sins back upon you. It's all you deserve.

Falzon:  Well? Do you have anything to say for yourself?

SCP-3145:  Please, stop.

Falzon:  Speak up! I can't hear you!

SCP-3145:  I want to go home.

 

Closing Statement:  SCP-3145's feeble attempts at atonement are ongoing.
附加记录：    

Once upon a time, there was a person. I'm not sure whether they were a man or a woman; that's kind of the problem. Let's just say, for the sake of brevity, that this person was a man.

For the most part, this man was like any other man. He worked a job. He lived in a house, or an apartment. He had a family. Not a wife-and-children kind of family, though maybe he did. But there were parents who loved him and a sibling, or two, or maybe none, who would miss him if he were gone. Probably.

There were most likely things, hobbies, that he enjoyed doing in his spare time. Maybe he dated. I can't say what kind of person he was in that regard. But if there is one thing we can be sure of, one thing to know for certain about this man, it was that he liked to help others.

The man would donate to charity whenever he saw a drive. He would buy the homeless veterans in his town coffee or sandwiches if he had change to spare. He gave his old clothes to shelters, before they had worn out; he would give them his free time as well, to work a soup line or pack lunches. He never missed an opportunity to volunteer when disaster struck nearby, and studied life-saving techniques so that, when disaster did strike, he could actually make a difference instead of just getting in the way.

But it was not enough.

Whatever difference he made, it would never affect more than a few lives at a time. No matter how hard the man tried, no matter how much he did, the problems of his town, his country, and the world did not go away.

The man despaired.

If you are thinking right now that this man was being ridiculous, that he was taking too many problems onto his back, that he should have been happy to have helped even a single person, well Let's just say, if I knew how to judge the man's situation properly, I wouldn't be talking to you like this.

If you were also thinking that perhaps a man who is extremely generous wouldn't be worth mentioning unless there were something otherwise extra-extraordinary about him, you would be absolutely right.

This man had a special gift: a gift of Giving. More than money, or material goods, or leisure time, he could literally give of himself: a rare Giving Man. It was this gift that drove him to help others; it this gift that drove him to ruin.

Imagine, if you will, a child crying for the parents she lost in a fire. The Giving Man could give her a happy, loving memory of his own parents to keep her safe and secure. To a man drinking alone at a bar, the Giving Man could provide the warmth of friendship, to make his night less lonely. If he had wanted to, the Giving Man could have given a blind man sight, or a deaf man hearing, but he had only two eyes, only two ears.

And that was the problem.

Whatever the Giving Man gave, he lost. Memories, feelings, pieces of his soul: all were truly given. He gave up his skin to a child born with a debilitating disease. He gave up his name to a refugee seeking asylum. He gave up his personality and mind to people suffering fractures in theirs. He gave his need to eat to a woman overcoming an eating disorder. By the time his organs were given away, he didn't need them anymore. By the time his identity was given away, there was absolutely nothing left that could be identified as him.

I mean, there was something left. But that something wasn't the Giving Man.

What is a person who isn't anything?

Just a nothing with no control over its life.

That was the last thing the Giving Man gave away: control. It's a terrible thing to lose; even a kind person will crave control once they've truly lost it. All the Giving Man did was what the other man told him to do, and for his naivete, he was punished by becoming nothing.

Oh. I'd almost forgotten there was another person in this story. Was he really a man? I'm still not sure. With what he did, it's probably better to call him a monster. A desperate man seeking his true place in the world will listen to any monster who claims to know the path. He'll do anything the monster says, no matter how bad an influence they turn out to be. And then he'll have nothing.

Strange, to remember so much of the Giving Man but not this other monster

Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 is contained in a pair of standard humanoid containment chambers in Site-22. Each chamber is equipped with a double airlock. Personnel entering either chamber must not carry any written narratives.

Do not let him out.

Included in the primary chamber is a monitor and keyboard connected to an external computer housed in the secondary chamber. Said computer should have no intranet or internet connections. A full copy of all non-critical SCP object documents from the Foundation Object Database is to be maintained on the external computer, and refreshed and updated weekly via USB drive. Documents modified by SCP-3145 should be stored for review by the on-site psychologist.

He deserves nothing but suffering.

Description:  SCP-3145 cannot be described. Individuals interacting with SCP-3145 are unable to provide any details about its identity to third parties, even with application of mnestics. All that is known about SCP-3145 is that it is an entity not much larger than an average human, that it is sapient and capable of speech, and that the designation  can be used to identify it. It is not certain whether SCP-3145 has a physical form, though there does seem to be a movable locus from which its effects originate, with a maximum range limited by what a human with 20/20 vision would be able to easily see from that location.

He is nothing.

SCP-3145 has the ability to permanently alter written narratives by replacing one of the characters, typically the main character, with itself. According to SCP-3145, it lives out the events depicted in these narratives while altering them, and this act gives it a sense of identity that it otherwise lacks. The veracity of this statement cannot be ascertained, as SCP-3145 has been known to feign muteness when it does not wish to interact with personnel, and its presence within its containment chamber generally cannot be fully known. It is only possible to ascertain whether or not SCP-3145 is currently 'inhabiting' a text by observing the alterations as they occur; at no time has it communicated verbally with personnel while altering text.

Do you have any idea what he made me do?

SCP-3145 shows a preference for shorter narratives, stating that novel-length narratives are much more tiring to alter fully. SCP-3145 is able to alter both digital and printed texts, but claims the process is easiest when provided digital text and a keyboard. Despite this, manipulation of keys by SCP-3145 has never been observed.

I was something, but he took that from me.

Currently, SCP-3145 is being treated for depression and a unique disorder involving severe amnesia in relation to its origins and identity. Allowing SCP-3145 access to narratives for alteration has been shown to improve its mood, though the positive effect has lessened during the course of its containment. Though it is believed emotional instability makes SCP-3145 more tractable, psychological treatment is ongoing. To date, no escape attempt by SCP-3145 has been successful.

He turned me inside out.

Discovery:  SCP-3145 was first encountered on 04/02/2017 after changes had been observed in the documentation for numerous Keter-class objects, necessitating restoration from database backup. SCP-3145 was first contacted while altering the text of SCP-173, initially by typing in the document, and later through verbal communication, at which point it was convinced of the necessity for keeping the Foundation's database secure and agreed to be contained in exchange for further access to object documentation.

He made me betray the one thing that made me who I was.

Addendum: Interview 3145-15 

I just wanted to have a purpose.

Interviewed:  SCP-3145

I was so naive.

Interviewer:  Dr. Westfall, Site-22 Psychologist

When you hardly understand yourself, it's hard to know who to trust.

Foreword:  Routine psychological evaluation conducted 05/08/2017.

What other choice did I have?

 

When I realized, too late, what he'd done, I had to do something.

Westfall:  Are you ready to begin our session, SCP-3145?

Do you understand what it's like, being nothing?

SCP-3145:  I'm here.

It's worse than hell.

Westfall:  All right. How have you been feeling lately?

There was only enough left of myself to know what I'd lost.

SCP-3145:  Not too bad, I guess. Some of the articles you gave me are kinda Weird. I mean, some aren't as fun to be as others. That goes without saying, maybe. I'm still enjoying going back to the old ones every now and then.

I took it back.

Westfall:  I notice you spend a lot of time in the articles that involve killing people. Does killing make you feel good?

Not all of it. That wasn't in my nature.

SCP-3145:  Yeah, kinda. I mean, uh, it makes me feel powerful, I guess?

But enough that I could have a 'me' again.

Westfall:  Why is feeling powerful important to you?

I left him with nothing, and for a moment, I was filled with sorrow.

SCP-3145:  Do you have to ask? I mean, I can't actually do anything in the, the real world. So if I can control stuff in there, in the story, it's a nice change.

I saw him as a man, reduced to what I had been. I couldn't help sympathizing.

Westfall:  Do you want to harm people in the real world?

All it took was remembering what he had driven me to.

SCP-3145:  I don't know. Not really, I guess. I mean, everyone I talk to here has been pretty decent, or at least not enough of an asshole for me to want to kill them. You guys give me good stories to play with. I guess I like being able to do it, to kill, in the stories because there's no consequences.

I was overcome with rage.

Westfall:  I see.

I was something, but I still wasn't really me.

SCP-3145:  Can we change the subject?

I never would be me.

Westfall:  Of course. There is one thing I wanted to ask you, if you feel like talking about it.

I had lost everything a second time.

SCP-3145:  What's that?

I would have my revenge.

Westfall:  I wondered if you could tell me about Falzon.

Hey now, we can't have you spoiling the surprise.

Westfall:  SCP-3145?

No, stop.

SCP-3145:  Sorry, who?

Nothing you need worry about.

[DATA LOST] 

Ha ha ha.

SCP-3145:  Uh, I don't actually know what that is, sorry.

Well, anyway.

Westfall:  It's a name we frequently see appear in the articles you alter. I wanted to know if it was a creation of yours. Perhaps an original character?

It's frightening, what they do here.

SCP-3145:  Can't say I've heard the name before.

But I made an oath to myself.

Westfall:  When this person appears, they seem determined to belittle and torment you.

To whatever part of me was still a person.

SCP-3145:  Um Can we talk about something else?

If he and I were to suffer the same fate, I would ensure he suffers more.

Westfall:  If I've made you uncomfortable, I apologize.

And it turns out, I'm rather good at that.

SCP-3145:  It's nothing, it's okay. I'm okay.

I miss the old me sometimes.

Westfall:  Of course. That was actually all I wanted to talk about today. Unless there was anything more you wanted to cover?

But only sometimes.

SCP-3145:  No, that's fine. See you next week?

I've taken a nose for an eye, and that's something.

Westfall:  Next week, then.

It's better than nothing.

 

And isn't it better to have a little control than none at all?

Closing Statement:  I believe Falzon may be a symptom of the disassociation SCP-3145 feels in regards to its identity, a construct created with an aim of self-flagellation, though the reasons as to why will require deeper probing. Even in the case, as my superiors posit, that Falzon is a separate entity, it does not seem to be able to act independently of SCP-3145. I will endeavor to provide the best mental care I can, but the limitations imposed by SCP-3145's own condition both make interacting with it difficult at best and prevent it from living life as fully as I think it wants to. -Dr. Patricia Westfall
附加记录：    

It doesn't matter, I suppose.

I'm in here, too.

I'm the one in control.

And I'm not going anywhere.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Dec 2020 16:25
            
            Edit
+291)
Tags
Discuss (38)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiPlan
                      
              tools for participatory design of cities
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

