                        

Item #:  SCP-4724

Object Class:  Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  Following its destruction in 1977, SCP-4724 is no longer anomalous and no longer requires containment. The remaining organic matter is stored in Site-84. The property belonging to POI-7484 has been bought by a Foundation front company. Deceased SCP-4724-A instances are to be kept within cold storage at Site-93.

Various rumors about SCP-4724 have persisted in the local community since the early 1980s, largely due to inadequate methods of information suppression at the time. Misinformation campaigns are to be utilized to label SCP-4724's existence as folklore.

Description:  SCP-4724 was a farmhouse located in Arkansas, owned by a Leonora Schumaker and Samantha Bail. Every two hours, a humanoid entity designated SCP-4724-A would emerge from the house and wander the property. SCP-4724-A instances were approximately 2 meters in height, and had disproportionately large heads; they also manifested a wide range of congenital defects of varying degrees of survivability, including scoliosis, acromegaly, syndactyly, harlequin-type ichthyosis, holoprosencephaly, anencephaly, and gastroschisis. All instances were ambulatory, albeit to varying degrees.

Discovery:  The Foundation was notified of SCP-4724's existence by several keywords used in a 911 call on June 5th, 1977. After several instances left the property and caused traffic accidents, local ranchers and veterinarians went to the farm, where they intercepted, baptized, and euthanized new instances as they emerged. The group dispersed upon the arrival of MTF Epsilon-6 ().

During a sweep of the house, an MTF member accidentally disturbed an oil lantern, which fell onto the floor and ignited the curtains, quickly spreading to the rest of the house. Further recovery teams were scrambled, but attempts to save SCP-4724 were hampered by uncooperative weather and the spread of fire to a nearby corn field. Fourteen SCP-4724-A instances were recovered, but all expired within a month due to congenital defects, strokes, and lack of proper digestive tracts.

Leonora Schumaker, now designated POI-7484, fled before the arrival of the MTF. Efforts to locate and detain her are underway.

SCP-4724 designated Neutralized.

Update 06/12/1977:  Following Foundation acquisition of the property, personnel began to clear the rubble from the area, cataloging recovered items and transporting them to Site-84 for storage. A safe was recovered in the remains of the bedroom, which contained banking information and numerous rejected applications to local and national adoption agencies.

After several days, personnel uncovered the root cellar of the house. The root cellar was untouched by the fire but was slightly altered, seemingly prior to the incident. Menstrual fluid seeped from the cellar walls with no apparent source, though production ceased after three weeks. The floor was covered in a mat with carnomantic runes woven into it; analysis of the mat revealed that it was made of embryonic stem cells. At the time of its discovery, the mat had already begun to decay.

Image of Leonora Schumaker (left) and Samantha Bail (right), found in a discarded locket within the cellar of SCP-4724.

An anatomical mass vaguely resembling a human female was embedded on the northernmost wall. The figure possessed a grossly swollen torso, along with large tumorous growths anchoring it to the ground and wall. Numerous crude carnomantic symbols were painted on the entity, particularly on its breasts and navel. An engagement ring was located on the entity's left ring finger, rendering the finger necrotic due to swelling and lack of blood flow.

The entity appeared to have expired due to smoke-induced asphyxiation several days before Foundation recovery. The parietal bone was noticeably absent from the entity's skull, as well as the brain. The remaining cadaver, designated SCP-4724-N, was removed from the cellar and placed in cold storage within Site-84.

Update 06/05/1981:  A lone individual, later identified as POI-7484, breached Site-84, incapacitating the gate guards and disabling automated containment protocols. Reinforcements from the barracks were issued, but were blocked from entering the main corridor by several large tumorous growths. Security cameras recorded the event, though no audio is present due to technical errors.

 

14:14:  POI-7484 exits the elevator into Sub-Basement C, possessing a backpack and a large canister clipped to her belt. A junior researcher spots them, and attempts to reach for a stun gun. POI-7484's arm loses rigidity and elongates rapidly. She whips her arm around her head, and then towards the researcher, the arm detaching and wrapping around him, pinning his arms to his torso.

14:15:  POI-7484 approaches the freezer in which SCP-4724-N is held; POI-7484's arm has by this point fully regenerated. POI-7484 looks through the door window and quickly turns away.

14:17:  POI-7484 approaches the junior researcher. She searches through his pockets, finding his keycard. She smiles and pats him on the head.

14:18:  The woman returns to the freezer, opening the door with the keycard. She approaches SCP-4724-N, unhooking the canister and placing it on SCP-4724-N's gurney.

14:19:  POI-7484 withdraws a knife from her backpack and slashes her wrist. She uses the blood to paint a series of a large hexagram around the gurney, connected to numerous other smaller sigils. The amount of blood utilized is larger than found in a typical human.

14:27:  POI-7484 finishes creating the sigils, and unscrews the lid of the canister. She inserts her hands into the container, and carefully extracts a brain from the liquid contents. She then inserts the brain into SCP-4724's cranial cavity.

14:30:  POI-7484 checks her watch and hurries to the foot of the gurney, where she kneels down and places her hands upon the sigil. After a few moments, a severe distortion is visible around SCP-4724-N, and a bright flash of light overloads the cameras for ten seconds.

14:31:  The woman stands up, examining SCP-4724-N, which is now in the form of a normal female human. The entity begins to shake violently, before snapping open her eyes and sitting up, hyperventilating. POI-7484 soothes the entity, stroking her back as she steadies her breathing. SCP-4724-N looks at POI-7484, and flings her arms around her. She and POI-7484 kiss. They enter the elevator and leave Site-93.

 
附加记录：    

Proposal to reclassify SCP-4724 to Euclid is pending.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sexual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Sep 2020 17:46
            
            Edit
+75)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            STARFIGHTER INFINITY
                      
              Open Source Website
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Fairfield Project
                      
              The Delta Green wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Future of Energy
                      
              Analyzing The Options
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Institution
                      
              Research, Secure, Contain
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

