                        

Item #:  SCP-644

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-644 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. All staff or D-class in Site-██ known to have children are to be briefed of SCP-644's anomalous effects. Staff with children may opt out of testing with SCP-644 at any time.

Description:  SCP-644 is a male humanoid of Italian descent. Visually, SCP-644 appears to be approximately 30 years old. The words  are tattooed on SCP-644's left inner wrist.

SCP-644 is able to accurately determine whether or not a person has children. Both biological and adopted children may be sensed by this effect. SCP-644 is aware of this fact for any person it knows of, even if just by appearance or name.

SCP-644 claims to be able to predict the material wishes of any child, as well as the popularity of any product intended for children. SCP-644 claims that this effect does not function for the wishes of adults, but has given predictions for at least one person over the age of 18, whom SCP-644 described as , with no further comment.

SCP-644 is able to produce a business card from the pocket of any clothing worn by it. On the front of the card is printed:

Mister Hot

Marketing Consultant

Doctor Wondertainment Inc. LLC 

1515 Mulberry Lane, Chicago, South Africa
附加记录：    

On the back of the card, in small print, is a document similar to Document 909-a.

+document

-document

Wow!  You've just found yourself your very own Little Mister, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment!

Find them all and become Mr. Collector!!

01. Mr. Chameleon

02. Mr. Headless

03. Mr. Laugh

04. Mr. Forgetful

05. Mr. Shapey

06. Mr. Soap

07. Mr. Hungry

08. Mr. Brass

09. Mr. Hot ✔

10. Ms. Sweetie

11. Mr. Life and Mr. Death

12. Mr. Fish

13. Mr. Moon

14. Mr. Redd (discontinued)

15. Mr. Money

16. Mr. Lost

Mr. Lie

18. Mr. Mad

19. Mr. Scary

20. Mr. Stripes
附加记录：    

SCP-644 was originally found by local police in Racine, Wisconsin, where it was found sleeping in the entryway to a local elementary school, having broken a window to enter. SCP-644 claimed to have done this to escape winter weather conditions. An automatic Foundation webcrawler picked up a mention of SCP-644's tattoo in the files of the local police department, and it was acquired shortly after. Racine, Wisconsin, was later found to contain several anomalous objects created by , in the possession of several local children.

Interview 1: 

Foreword:  Interview was conducted following initial containment, before SCP-644's anomalous properties had been ascertained.

 

SCP-644 is led into the interview room by security personnel outfitted with full fire-retardant gear, rated against temperatures up to 800°C, and outfitted with Kevlar and foam padding in the case of explosive detonation. Personnel are also armed with high-capacity fire extinguishers.

SCP-644:  What's up with these guys?

Dr. Latimer:  Please state your name for our records.

SCP-644:  I'm Mister Hot. Marketing consultant for Doctor Wondertainment, incorporated, ell-ell-see.

SCP-644 holds out wrist, pointing to the tattoo. Security personnel prepare to extinguish any potential fires.

SCP-644:  The tattoo, see. That was my idea. Because I keep my finger on the pulse of the market, eh?

Dr. Latimer:  You had say in where your tattoo went?

SCP-644:  Yeah. Me and the doctor, we were pretty close. Think I went to college with him.

Dr. Latimer:  Where was that?

SCP-644:  Oh, I don't know. Does anyone really remember that stuff? So, how are you?

Dr. Latimer:  I'm doing fine. Could you tell me about your relationship with 'Wondertainment'?

SCP-644:  'Fine'? I mean, I'm sure you're missing the kids, right? They're with your husband?

Dr. Latimer:  What do you know about my children?

SCP-644:  I know that they miss you. They don't I mean, they don't even know what you do. This certainly isn't a university, right? Unless they've got some 'relaxed testing protocols', ha. It's been, what, two weeks since you saw them?

Dr. Latimer:  Go on.

SCP-644:  See, what I'm thinking is, you need to let them know they're loved. I mean, Jason last semester, he got an A- in math! And that just went unrewarded? That's cold, doctor.

Dr. Latimer:  You're right. What should I do?

SCP-644:  I think, you give me the word, and I'll put some word in higher up. No guarantees, but I'll see what I can do.

Dr. Latimer:  What exactly can you do?

SCP-644:  Well, I can talk to my friend upstairs on there.

Dr. Latimer:  I'd have to know more. Need to know your toys are safe, of course.

SCP-644:  Yeah, how about- how about we talk about this a bit later? Without these eavesdroppers around?

SCP-644 motions to the security personnel.

Dr. Latimer:  That sounds wise.

SCP-644:  Alright! You know where to find me, ha. Here's my card.

SCP-644 produces a business card. Security personnel confiscate it and place it within a reinforced fireproof container.

 
附加记录：    

Interview 2: 

Foreword:  Interview was conducted one day after initial recovery.

 

SCP-644 is brought into the interview room. A 10-centimeter thick barrier composed of heat-resistant, blast-proof glass is erected between Dr. Latimer and the subject chair.

SCP-644:  Oh, come on.

Dr. Latimer:  Hello, Mister Hot.

SCP-644:  Hi, doctor. Is this about the name? I'll be honest: I'm not that hot.

Dr. Latimer:  It's just a precaution. Could you tell me more about what you mentioned yesterday? Your toys?

SCP-644:  Oh, yes indeed. Wondertainment products are fully tested, come with a lifetime guarantee, and are designed to enrich your child's imagination through fun exploration.

Dr. Latimer:  You mentioned something about children fitting some requirement to receive toys. Could you elaborate?

SCP-644:  Well, you see, you can't just give this kind of craftsmanship to just anybody. You give the average kid a relativistic racecar, he's just gonna leave it on the shelf and go stare at the sun or something.

SCP-644:  No, no. We're looking for a higher caliber. Someone so imaginative someone who will really appreciate the work that goes into this stuff. All around great kid.

Dr. Latimer:  What kind of work? What do you do at 'Wondertainment'?

SCP-644:  I mean, I don't want to go on about myself This is about your kids, right?

Dr. Latimer:  I need to know I can trust you as a source.

SCP-644:  Smart, smart. I guess that's why you're the doctor, and I'm just mister. Ha. They call me a marketing consultant, but really, I'm involved at every step of the process.

Dr. Latimer:  How did you become so valued by the organization?

SCP-644:  Lots of hard work, I assure you. But at first, maybe luck. See, I was just a young guy, maybe thirty or so, but I get approached by this older guy, né Wondertainment, who offers me a chance to get really involved in something special, you know?

Dr. Latimer:  Didn't you say you knew 'Wondertainment' in college?

SCP-644:  Yeah. But anyways, I start working with him. He wants someone who's got a real good market sense, you know? He says, 

SCP-644:  So, I go under, and when I come back, it's like zap. I just

SCP-644:  We do it again, and suddenly I'm a powerhouse. I'll come to him, like, 

SCP-644:  And I'd say that to him, and he'd say to me  and then he'd put a miniature melon on my shoulder and we'd both laugh. It's our little joke, see?

SCP-644:  Well, was. Until it started making Headless feel self-conscious.

SCP-644:  But we continued on like that, for well, we had some weird years.

SCP-644:  And in my twilight years, I started some pet projects. One of the projects literally became a pet, actually, like seven years ago.

Dr. Latimer:  And that's when you became 'Mister Hot'?

SCP-644:  I was always Mister Hot, ma'am. Now, are you interested in my product, or what?

Dr. Latimer:  What kind of toy did you have in mind?

SCP-644:  Ah, I was thinking 'Dr. Wondertainment's Carpal Critters™'. It's a virtual pet, right? But it's not in a computer. It lives inside your forearm. Some local anesthesia, hollows the whole thing out. And then it's your friend! It can read you bedtime stories, do your math homework, whole rigmarole. And it's very understanding. You can yell at it, vent at it, tell it to get lost and it'll forgive you, and be there to give your ulna a big hug when you make up! What do you say?

Dr. Latimer:  I'll think about it.

 
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 16:55
            
            Edit
+270)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            UK Wiki Lulu
                      
              The website for the UK creators at Lulu.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SB-KO1
                      
              SCP-KO 샌드박스 초호기
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            .
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

