                        

Item #:  SCP-2975

Object Class:  Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  The remains of SCP-2975 are monitored by Observation Post SYN-Alpha-019, staffed by members of Mobile Task Force Sigma-3 (). Any unusual activity is to be reported immediately to Site-19 Command.

Description:  SCP-2975 is a demolished house on the outskirts of the city of [REDACTED], originally built over an extensive cave system, leading to a crevasse extending an unknown depth into the Earth's mantle. This crevasse is now inaccessible. It is unclear whether it has simply closed, or no longer exists.

SCP-2975 was considered a historical landmark by the local community, which was aware of its anomalous status, and colloquially referred to it as a . With a few exceptions, most members of the local community attempted to prevent the discovery or containment of SCP-2975.

On 03/06/████, a group called the Order of the White Sun attempted to use SCP-2975 as a ritual conduit to cause an XK-Class end of the world scenario. This was discovered by analysis of information patterns collated by Mobile Task Force Sigma-3.

A series of localized CK-class reality shifts occurred during the operation to neutralize SCP-2975, obscuring the specific events which took place. However, the ritual event was terminated, and SCP-2975 was demolished by Mobile Task Force Psi-7 ().

No anomalous activity has been recorded from SCP-2975 since ██/██/████.

Addendum:  SCP-2975 Partial Interview Logs [Post-SCP-2975 neutralization]

InterviewExcerpt

CloseFile

Interview with Morgan Donaldson, community member local to SCP-2975. (Excerpt)

Morgan Donaldson:  Look, I'm not really comfortable speaking with Jailors, but [REDACTED] said I had to come and talk to you, so here I am.

Interviewer:  Thank you. I just have some questions about the House on Memory Lane, if you don't mind.

Morgan Donaldson:  The Memory House? The one your people blew up? A lot of us aren't happy about that, you know. I have to say, I agree with them.

Interviewer:  Can you elaborate?

Morgan Donaldson:  It was a center of our community.

Interviewer:  Well, I understand it did… er, eat people.

Morgan Donaldson:  Only the ones it was fed. Mostly. A few others, sure, but everyone should've known to stay away from that part of town after dark.

Interviewer:  What about people who didn't know about the house's… dangerous aspects?

Morgan Donaldson:  Who cares about them? They weren't from around here. Outsiders, like you people. This just goes towards the general decay of our society, you know. The Hand is going radical, and people in this community cast aside our traditions and betray us to you Jailors. [Shakes head] I don't mean to offend you, but it's just the way things are.

Interviewer:  I promise, the, uh, sect of Jailors we're part of, we work with local communities. We won't do anything to disrupt your community, I promise.

Morgan Donaldson:  You destroyed the Memory House. You imprisoned its caretakers. If that isn't disrupting our community, I don't know what is.

Interviewer:  Well, the House… was eating people, wasn't it? Or being fed people, right?

Morgan Donaldson:  I told you. Only outsiders, only people who didn't matter. Not the people who can take care of themselves worth a damn. People die in the streets all the time, in cities all around the world, and no one cares.

[Pause]

Morgan Donaldson:  Alright, sure, it shouldn't have been allowed to go on the way it did. Maybe we should've done something sooner. What do you want me to say?

Interviewer:  Doesn't it make a difference that the White Sun cult — the caretakers of the Memory House — that they were trying to end the world?

Morgan Donaldson:  Look, you're missing the point. Yes, the caretakers of the House went too far. But if you'd left it to us to handle, we could have found a solution. A better solution. We wouldn't have just razed a living historical icon to the ground. There had to be another way.
附加记录：    

CloseFile

InterviewExcerpt

CloseFile

Interview with Danielle Sawyer, community member local to SCP-2975. (Excerpt)

Danielle Sawyer:  I admit, I didn't even know about the whole world-ending thing. I just thought this had gone on long enough. Something had to be done about that damn house, and that cult holed up there.

Interviewer:  And there was resistance to this?

Danielle Sawyer:  Oh, like you wouldn't believe. 

[Pause]

Danielle Sawyer:  Sometimes I just don't know what is wrong with people.

Interviewer:  How many people were involved in protecting the house?

Danielle Sawyer:  Well, if I'm being honest, we're all culpable. I grew up knowing about the house, of course. It only ate a few people a year. Most of them fed to it by the Order. People always said it was okay so long as you don't go to the wrong part of town, or went only with the protection of the White Sun cultists there.

[Pause]

Danielle Sawyer:  There were a lot of people who found it fascinating, actually — it was something of a local attraction. People from all over the world came to observe it, and from some other worlds, too. They called it . I did a little reading on it as a kid, for a class report in high school. Never understood it as much as I pretended to, but I got an A, so hey.

[Pause]

Danielle Sawyer:  Then the cultists started looking around for fresh sacrifices, I guess for the end-of-the-world thing people are talking about, and outsiders stopped coming to check it out, and a few less well-liked locals disappeared into the night over the course of a couple weeks… and people still made excuses, handed out more great advice. Jokes, like, just don't wear skimpy clothing, you know they like their sacrifices nubile. But seriously, don't go outside at night. Just keep your head down. And that's how it was. No one wanted to do anything at all. Even the ones who didn't like it, they said it wasn't really our business. No one wanted to be the one to make the first move.

Interviewer:  I see. What made you change your mind?

Danielle Sawyer:  Well, judge me if you like, but it was when I found out they were starting to target Mages. First it was some of the more otherworldly tourists, and then the particular townsfolk who started disappearing… I started noticing they were all people with magic in their blood. I'm not surprised, in retrospect, now that I know what the big ritual was. Rituals like that need magically rich fuel, so I'm told. I'm no Mage myself, but you know, I did have an aunt who was a witch… I started worrying about my own skin, I guess. If my aunt had magic in her blood, maybe I had a bit in it too. And maybe I'd be next.

[Pause]

Danielle Sawyer:  So I'm not proud, but… that's when I knew I had to draw the line. That's when I started getting people together to destroy that House once and for all.

[Pause]

Danielle Sawyer:  Anyway, I wasn't happy about calling in you Jailors. I don't trust the police and I don't trust you. But I had a friend who'd heard that there was a way to contact some friendly Jailors if you knew the right people, and then she told me she did know the right people, and… it seemed to be the only option we had left. You sure did get the job done. And I guess the world could've ended? So… I'm glad it didn't. Congratulations for all that, at least.

[Pause]

Danielle Sawyer:  I'm glad the Memory House is gone. Still, though… I have to admit this town won't be the same without it.
附加记录：    

CloseFile

== SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM REQUIRED SIGMA-3/ANOTHER-SUN ==

The following after-action report, recorded with the local Sigma-3 team leader, contains significant inconsistencies. Due to the unclear events of 03/06/████, involving several localized CK-class reality shifts, all inconsistent aspects of the reports have been included.
SCP-2975 After Action Report

Please don't take my sunshine away.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Apr 2018 17:51
            
            Edit
+220)
Tags
Discuss (75)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            History in the New Media
                      
              Digital Project Design in Archives and Public History
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IB Physics Stuff
                      
              - Wikified -
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Bad Webcomics Wiki
                      
              Improving our media, with hatred
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

