                        

Item #:  SCP-259

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  A single copy of a computer program capable of producing SCP-259 is to be kept on compact disc in the High Security Containment Vault at Site-25. As discs containing SCP-259 are typically destroyed during experimentation, additional copies may be made for approved experiments.

Mobile Task Force Gamma-10 remains on standby to collect and neutralize any copies of SCP-259 found outside the Foundation. Unauthorized media containing SCP-259 or the means to produce it are to be destroyed immediately.

Description:  SCP-259 is a fractal image known as . A completed rendering of SCP-259 acts as an Einstein-Rosen Bridge, opening a portal to an unknown location. The locations accessed appear to vary depending on the size and orientation of the rendered image, and have included:

An area filled with superheated plasma (estimated temperature 20,000,000 Kelvin). See Incident K-259-1.
An area populated with venomous cockroaches (species unknown; weight approximately 2kg). See Incident K-259-2.
Deep space, estimated to be [REDACTED] km from a black hole. See Experiment X-259-2.
An area possibly corresponding to the dimension opened by SCP-███. See Experiment X-259-3.

Foundation mathematicians are working on determining why this specific fractal has anomalous properties, and whether other similarly anomalous images exist. By O5 order, any image rendering related to SCP-259 experimentation must take place at least ████ m from inhabited areas.

After Incident K-259-1, 41 copies of a CD capable of generating SCP-259 were confiscated from ██████.com, and a public warning issued that the CD, labeled “100 Fun Fractals You Can Print,” contains a malicious virus that will destroy the user’s computer. ██████.com claimed to have obtained the disks from a reseller's bankruptcy sale, and the Foundation was unable to trace the original producer. Whether SCP-259 was released accidentally, or distributed with knowledge of its anomalous properties, is under investigation.

Incident K-259-2 makes it clear that SCP-259 is being used with malicious intent. The Foundation is working with global anti-terrorism forces to retrieve SCP-259 from the organization responsible for this incident.

Addendum: 

Incident K-259-1 –  A residence hall at ███████ University was destroyed by explosion/fire on █/█/20██. Authorities were mystified that conditions at the center of the incident resembled the detonation of a small fusion-based device. Graduate student █████ ███████ was completely vaporized, as were ██ others, including several who left shadows imprinted on the nearest standing walls. Questioning of survivors indicated that ███████ had gone to his room with a CD he had recently ordered from ██████.com “to play with some fractals”, leading to the eventual discovery of a program capable of rendering SCP-259 for sale on the site.

Incident K-259-2 –  █/██/201█: Image of SCP-259, approximately 10 from it, attacking anyone they could reach. Approximately █████ casualties. Considered a self-containing incident as the insects are unable to survive for more than two hours in Earth's atmosphere.

The cockroaches average 2 several live specimens were collected by Foundation MTFs and classified as SCP-████. They are currently held at Site-██ in a 35% oxygen environment. The ███████ ████ organization later claimed responsibility for the image. Mass application of amnestics necessary to partially suppress public knowledge of this event.

Experiment X-259-1 m in diameter, emitting a blinding white light followed by a ball of superheated plasma. The plasma dissipated after expanding to an area of ███ cubic meters. Given the interference provided by the building in Incident K-259-1, this is consistent with the damage observed.

Dr. ███████ considers it interesting that SCP-259 took effect without direct human observation.

Experiment X-259-2 m in diameter appeared, and all matter within ███ m was pulled into it. This is consistent with an otherwise unexplained incident in ███████, ████, where an apartment building was described by observers as imploding and disappearing, leaving a ███ m deep hole.

Experiment X-259-3 –  Generation of an inverted version of SCP-259. [DATA EXPUNGED] and area quarantined pending containment of multiple examples of SCP-███.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Apr 2020 18:27
            
            Edit
+170)
Tags
Discuss (52)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Kingsway EAP
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Share Coke Codes
                      
              Sharing happiness by sharing Coke rewards codes.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nsb Notes
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiEthica
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

