                        

 

Forum
         Writing Help / Help: Ideas Critique
 SCP-XXXX A blessed exchange

Started by: Ax1007

Date:  26 Dec 2020 11:45

Number of posts: 4

RSS: New posts

Summary:
An object that exchanges two aspects (body parts/ memories/ facts) of a person for a new aspect.

Unfold All 
Fold All
 More Options

Edit Title  Description
Stickness
Lock Thread
Move Thread

    
        
            

      
    
                      

Fold

SCP-XXXX This blessed exchange (Seeking greenlight)

26 Dec 2020 11:45

Seeking Greenlights:  Yes

Page Type:  SCP Article

Genre:  Horror/Mystery

Page Layout:  Basic object description. Discovery log which will not be fully understood by the reader yet. Operation description, followed by testing logs (the main focus). There will be 10-15 testing logs (or more), starting with mundane, and increasing in strangeness.

Elevator Pitch:  The object swaps two aspects (body parts/memories/reality of their life) of a person with a new one from its  of obtained aspects.

Central Narrative:  Minimal. The testing logs will start with the identifying its activation, then increasing in strangeness as the tests progress. The writing style will be clinical/practical, with an emphasis on the practicalities/realities of testing anomalous objects at the Foundation.

Hook/Attention-Grabber:  Since the SCP can destroy and create things when activated, it is incredibly unpredictable with many possible outcomes. Removed things include killing or dramatically changing a person or removing people/companies/ideas related to them. Created things could be memories, new organs, or reality altering itself as well. The testing logs will start with mundane things, eg. dying from losing vital organs, gaining memories of another person, growing a new limb, and will progress to stranger exchanges where friends/family cease to exist, gaining non-human knowledge or a persons reality changing. Adding to the intrigue is that every aspect  is assumed to have been taken at some stage, suggesting that the object has altered reality many times in the past in unknown ways.

Last edited on 03 Jan 2021 06:28
by Ax1007
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
26 Dec 2020 11:45

 
                
                	

        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

Forum Criticism Team - Captain Post

28 Dec 2020 20:02

Since this thread was on page 6 of the forum listing with no responses, this is a quick staff reminder to the author that if you haven't yet, you should contact reviewers directly to request feedback as needed.

Please refer to this thread for more information: http://www.scp-wiki.net/forum/t-13282692/how-to-get-more-reviews

If you have already reached out to multiple reviewers and received no reply, notify a staff member for assistance finding a reviewer.

Reply  
Options

Unfold
28 Dec 2020 20:02

 
                
        
            
 

      
    
                      

Fold

Re: SCP-XXXX A blessed exchange

06 Jan 2021 05:28

Placeholder! Got summoned via PM to take a look-see. Will crit in a bit.

Alright, here’s my take.

+block

–block

My main concern at this point can be summarized in my reaction to this line:

There will be 10-15 testing logs (or more), starting with mundane, and increasing in strangeness.
附加记录：    

First of all, that’s a lot of testing logs. Escalation is certainly a good element to have in an article, but you don’t explain why the Foundation is testing this anomaly so thoroughly. What’s their motive here? Considering “it is incredibly unpredictable with many possible outcomes”, there needs to be some justification for a security-obsessed organization like the Foundation to do literally anything with an artifact like this.

Speaking of the artifact, I’ve noticed that at no point do you actually say what the anomalous item is. Is it a car? Is it a magic wand? Is it the country of Bolivia? Without any description at all, it’s difficult to visualize anything you’re describing here.

As a final note, I’d like to address this:

Adding to the intrigue is that every aspect  is assumed to have been taken at some stage, suggesting that the object has altered reality many times in the past in unknown ways.
附加记录：    

How do you plan to depict this versus the more intuitive concept that this artifact is manufacturing things out of thin air? It seems like an attempt at a ‘twist’ that doesn’t have any relevance to what has already occurred.

If you respond to this comment and would like me to see it, please send me a Wikidot PM, as I will not be notified otherwise.

Last edited on 06 Jan 2021 21:50
by Sonderance
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
06 Jan 2021 05:28

 
                
        
                      
    
                      

Fold

Re: SCP-XXXX A blessed exchange

09 Jan 2021 06:05

Hi Sonderance, thanks for the feedback!

So address your points in order of easiest to hardest.

Number of testing logs

This in and of itself is fine. I have written 9 so far, and my strength will be writing the procedural logs themselves, so this is less a concern for me. The justification for them (covered below) is trickier.

Description

My WIP photoshopped image is here https://i.imgur.com/amUpFVk.png. The shortened object description is essentially a 5.5in wide stone disk with engravings suggesting non-human origin and the symbols are meant to be a form of  description of the object.

Origin of objects

My solution to this is that all the objects created are all .

Testing justification

This is tricky, and something I haven't given an enormous amount of thought (so your feedback is very helpful :) ). My process for the logs so far is that early testing is only dangerous to the tester (creating/removing limbs etc) therefore continued testing is easier to justify as it mostly just maims/kills D class at worst. A possible solution is for the SCP to require periodic exchanges and with them, it compels people to use it (therefore necessitating testing). This fits with my purpose/origin idea but is definitely a bit of a cop out. I can think on this more.

Last edited on 09 Jan 2021 06:09
by Ax1007
 Show more

Reply  
Options

Unfold
09 Jan 2021 06:05

 
                
        
            
 
            
 

        
    

New Post

Permanent Link
Edit
Delete

/forum/t-13960322/scp-xxxx-a-blessed-exchange#post-

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                forum
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Nov 2020 06:16
            
            Edit
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Thermal Systems
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bloodborne
                      
              From Softwares new dark fantasy project. (Project Beast)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Principles of Biology II
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

