                        

Entrance to SCP-1395

Item #:  SCP-1395

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation agents shall work with the governments of Greece and the European Union to suppress public knowledge of SCP-1395. A barbed wire fence measuring three metres in height and twenty metres in length shall be erected to prevent unauthorized access to SCP-1395, with at least three security outposts stationed in the surrounding area. Unauthorized civilians attempting to access SCP-1395 shall be administered Class B amnestics and redirected elsewhere.

Description:  SCP-1395 is a cave located near Mount ████, Greece. Carbon dating of human remains and artifacts present within the cave suggest human habitation first began around ███ BCE, which is consistent with SCP-1395-A's claimed history (see below). Surveys conducted by Foundation personnel suggest a depth of at least five hundred metres; further exploration of the cave is scheduled pending approval. (Requests no longer accepted; see addendum 1395-A)

SCP-1395's anomalous properties manifest when persons travel approximately three hundred metres inside the cave. After reaching this point, SCP-1395-A will manifest, blocking the path leading deeper into the cave (though not with any apparent hostile intent). SCP-1395-A is a humanoid entity, appearing to observers as a silhouetted apparition roughly 1.8 metres in height. Though it will not forcefully impede any attempts to leave the cave, ██% of persons encountering SCP-1395-A report a strong desire to stay within its presence.

SCP-1395-A identifies itself as ██████████, and claims that it lived in the Ancient Greek city-state of Carystus around ███ BCE. Through unknown means, it was  when questioned, however, it will insist it is speaking Attic Greek.

If approached by an individual or group, SCP-1395-A will engage the subject(s) in conversation, appearing to derive pleasure from describing and recounting its presumed life. Following the encounter, SCP-1395-A will demanifest, erasing all memories of the encounter from the individual(s)' mind. This will likewise affect written material, rendering writing on any sort of physical surface during the event illegible; however, digital records are not affected, making recording equipment a necessity when interacting with SCP-1395-A.

+1

-Granted

Dr. █████████:  Hello, SCP-1395-A.

SCP-1395-A:  Another has come? For so long, there was nothing, nothing and now, it seems the visits have become more frequent.

Dr. █████████:  How so?

SCP-1395-A:  Time is a difficult thing to measure in the Void, was it? You have an interest in me.

Dr. █████████:  We do, yes. Specifically, we would like to inquire about the details of your current condition, and its origins.

SCP-1395-A:  Ask. I will answer, though I must confess my memories have faded over time.

Dr. █████████:  You claim to have been a man living in Carystus during the Ancient Greek era. Is that true?

SCP-1395-A:  

Dr. █████████:  Please answer the question.

SCP-1395-A:  Yes, I once called Carystus my home. I was a simple merchant, living a comfortable existence. I was not wealthy, but neither was I starving, which is more than I could say for many of my countrymen.

Dr. █████████:  How did you first encounter this cave?

SCP-1395-A:  It was a warm day in spring or was it summer? I cannot remember. Business was good, despite a few thieves trying to take from my stall. I was about to close up for the day, when an old man came up to my stall. He was a beggar, and asked me for a few morsels to subsist off of. Naturally, I refused.

Dr. █████████:  Why?

SCP-1395-A:  It was a time of famine! The crops had dried up inexplicably, and people were desperately sacrificing to the gods to reverse our fortune. I am not heartless, but had I given food out to everyone who asked, I would have been broke in three days!

Dr. █████████:  I see. What happened next?

SCP-1395-A:  He stared at me—a more deadly and intent gaze I have yet to encounter. He cursed me in the name of the Pantheon, and declared me 'forsaken in the eyes of the gods'. I assumed he was a priest, as he had the curse memorized.

Dr. █████████:  What did he do after that?

SCP-1395-A:  He ran. He thought, correctly, that I would give him a thrashing for cursing me in such a way.

Dr. █████████:  How long was it before you found yourself in this state?

SCP-1395-A:  Four months. Nothing occurred in the intervening time, aside from the usual fluctuations in business familiar to any merchant. It was the beginning of the cold season, and I had closed my shop for the evening when I was attacked by a thug. It was over in a few moments; I felt his blade go through me and my life deteriorate. And then, the blackness. I [he pauses.]

Dr. █████████:  Yes?

SCP-1395-A:  It has been an eternity, yet I still remember his eyes. Those eyes

Dr. █████████:  Moving on. How long was it until you were first discovered?

SCP-1395-A:  Do you remember what I told you earlier? Time moves differently in the Void. It is difficult to describe, to a presence of flesh. But if I were to estimate, I would say a few decades.

Dr. █████████:  Describe your first contact with a human.

SCP-1395-A:  [a distortion is heard, presumed to be laughter of some sort.] I was not as composed as I am now. The first one I met was an old one-an Athenian, judging by his attire. I screamed, so he ran, naturally. Then I felt myself imparting something upon him, and I vanished once more.

Dr. █████████:  The amnesiac effect you have?

SCP-1395-A:  If that is what you would refer to it as, yes. It went like that during my first awakenings. A traveler chanced upon my cave, I appeared, they ran, and they forgot. It was not until some time later that I had my first true conversation.

Dr. █████████:  Do you remember what this person looked like?

SCP-1395-A:  He was dressed in a form of armor I did not recognize, and had a strange cross symbol upon his chest. I assumed he was a foreigner, yet he spoke Greek, despite his insistence he was speaking a language he called .

Dr. █████████:  How did he react to you?

SCP-1395-A:  I had composed myself to the point where appearing was no longer a shock, so I greeted him. He asked if I was the ghost of a . This went on for a while until I explained my origin, as I am to you now. We talked for a while, then he left.

Dr. █████████:  This is how your meetings have gone since then?

SCP-1395-A:  I suppose so, yes. I am not some trickster God, looking to fool those who speak to me. I am merely a restless, lonely soul, looking for a way to stem the eternal emptiness for a time.

Dr. █████████:  One final question. Your amnesiac effect is not voluntary, correct?

SCP-1395-A:  Making them forget? Of course not. I would love for people to return. I suspect it was part of the curse; what sort of suffering is worse than being alone forever?

Dr. █████████:  Thank you, SCP-1395-A. That will be all.

SCP-1395-A:  [Gestures to Dr. █████████'s tape recorder]. These devices of yours they allow you to remember?

Dr. █████████:  In a manner of speaking, yes.

SCP-1395-A:  That is good it weighs upon me, and if I am never to leave this place, at least I shall have some company.

[SCP-1395-A demanifests. Dr. █████████'s memory of the encounter erased as expected.]
附加记录：    

Since its discovery by Foundation personnel, SCP-1395-A has been consistently cooperative. Further interviews are recommended in order to better understand its anomalous properties.

Addendum-1395-A:  During an exploration on ██/██/████, researchers managed to reach a depth of ███ metres without encountering SCP-1395-A. At this point, the exploration team reportedly become unable to move, and all equipment carried by personnel ceased functioning. Dr. ██████ claims to have briefly [REDACTED] shortly before going into catatonic shock and had to be transported out of the cave for medical assistance. When SCP-1395-A was questioned on this occurrence, it replied 

Following this incident, all survey requests proposing exploration past the five hundred metre mark are preemptively denied.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Jan 2020 06:37
            
            Edit
+104)
Tags
Discuss (45)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chaos  Complexity Theories in Education Group
                      
              Also a Special Interest Group of the American Educational Research Association
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            क्षत्रिय राजपूत इतिहास
                      
              क्षत्रिय राजपूत
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Estudiantes de economía de la uned
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Right from 
                      
              Animation through Online Collaboration by students
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

