                        

Item #:  SCP-685

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As SCP-685 is a geological feature, it is unable to be moved from its current location. A 20km radius around SCP-685, designated Research Site-85, is to be kept clear of all non-indigenous or non-Foundation personnel. In addition to on-site personnel, SCP-685 is to be monitored remotely via satellite from Command-██.

Non-biological objects are to be autoclaved or immersed in 10% bleach solution for 30 minutes before being removed from the site. All other objects are to be kept under BSL-3 conditions for no less than six months. Personnel rotating off duty at Site-85 will be quarantined for one month, and subject to weekly physical examinations for the next two months afterward.

Charges of C-4 are to be placed every █ m around the circumference of SCP-685, to be armed and detonated in the event of an incoming hostile object. Should any hostile object survive the explosion, it is to be engaged by the current on-site Mobile Task Force. Containment by means of a nuclear missile launched from ████████████████ is to be used as a last resort.

Description:  SCP-685 is a large pit located in a remote mountain region of ██████████, located at ██'███m relative to the rim of the pit before descending back into SCP-685. In the ██ years that SCP-685 has been under observation, no object dropped into the hole has emerged from it again. Descending into the pit presents a danger to any explorer, as the objects have progressively higher velocities the deeper they are observed in the pit. Despite the impossibility of this, this behavior is consistent with objects accelerated solely by gravity through an airless corridor crossing the Earth's extent. However, an investigation of area within a 100km radius of the site opposite SCP-685 revealed no topological anomalies, so even if the pit does descend past the earth's crust, it does not emerge on the other side.

The hole itself is under constant video surveillance. A list of objects dropped or released into the hole since observation began can be found in Document #685-B. Since ██ June ████, all objects greater than 10cm in diameter emerging from SCP-685 have been tracked by a high-sensitivity RADAR system, caught by an automated robotic arm suspended over the pit, and placed in containers for study by on-site staff. Specimens cataloged in this manner include:

34% Rock debris of indeterminate origin

31% Rock debris from around the site

27% Organic debris

7% [DATA EXPUNGED]

The organic debris retrieved from the pit usually consists of [DATA EXPUNGED]. A full listing of all objects observed emerging from the SCP-685 are listed in Document #685-C; those cataloged by the automated system are cross-listed in Document #685-C-1. Additionally, a catwalk is occasionally extended across the pit to gather smaller objects which emerge from SCP-685. A report of the composition of the debris may be viewed by Level 3 or higher personnel in Document #685-D. All objects retrieved from the pit and deemed not to merit further study are returned to the pit.

Human exploration of SCP-685 has been limited to the lighted portion of the hole to reduce the incidence of injuries from collisions with objects emerging from the pit. These limited surface studies have detected no deviation in the wall of the pit from known local geographic strata. In 19██ a class D personnel was lowered to a depth of 1.75m descended. Due to the likelihood that further exploration using similar methods will not be able to progress further, and that reinforced probes are unlikely to add significantly to the data known about SCP-685, further exploration of the pit is discontinued as of ██/█/20██.

Note:  SCP-685 is not a disposal pit. We don't know where it goes, we don't need to be telling anyone on the other end that we're here, and we won't need our garbage boomeranging back at us years from now. -Dr. Roger

Document #685-D:  Analysis of all rock debris obtained from SCP-685 reveals no anomalies, and is consistent with terrestrial origin. Analysis of the organic debris reveals that, while DNA was unable to be isolated from any sample, in roughly 63% of the samples obtained mass spectroscopy detected the pervasive presence of ██ non-canonical amino acids, including [DATA EXPUNGED]. Only a handful of known terrestrial organisms use non-canonical amino acids, and of those each only uses one.

Petri dishes with media incorporating the non-canonical amino acids was used to grow cultures taken from all objects retrieved from the pit. Organisms cultured exhibited [DATA EXPUNGED] and are resistant to all known antibiotics. To date, none have been found that survive autoclaving or incineration.

Additionally, Carbon-14 dating of the organic debris exhibiting terrestrially-normal amino acid compositions reveals that none of the debris is less than thirty-five years old. This is unsurprising in light of the dessicated hexapod corpse observed on ██ February ████ before the construction of the automated retrieval system.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Mar 2019 04:00
            
            Edit
+31)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Connors Campaigns
                      
              My dashboard for RPGs, Music, Sports, and more.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文殊阁
                      
              梦开始的地方
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trumpet exercise database
                      
              for trumpet players, students and teachers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Samvedna Network
                      
              Collaborative e-learning for children
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

