                        

Item #:  SCP-307

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-307 is to be kept within a 0.5-meter square stainless steel planter, within a hydroponic growth chamber equipped with remotely operated light and sprinkler. The sides of the planter are to be equipped with retractable circular blades, the controls to which must be located outside the containment cell and manned at all times. The hydroponic chamber is to be kept within a 5m room with stainless steel walls, floor, and ceiling. There are to be no windows in the room - all light will come from the hydroponic grow light, and any observation of SCP-307 is to be done over a security camera. The temperature of the room is to be kept at 15°C to discourage seed production.

If entry to SCP-307's room is necessary, it is to be done by remotely operated robots. Absolutely no living humans are to enter SCP-307's containment cell, following Incident 307 (see Addendum 2).

If any specimens of SCP-307 are discovered outside the containment cell, they are to be burned immediately until only ashes remain. Any personnel who touches SCP-307 must also be burned.

Description:  SCP-307 is a creeping vine, similar in appearance to the common English ivy (Hedera helix), save for the presence of greenish thorns on the stems, and the tendency of the leaves to exhibit a purple hue. The vine puts down roots approximately every 30.5cm (12 in). The roots can penetrate any porous material, but not metal. Any part of the plant not connected to a root system is to be considered dead and safe to examine up close.

SCP-307 appears to be carnivorous, and seems to exhibit some degree of intelligence (see Document 307-A). When in the presence of a warm-blooded animal (hereafter referred to as .

SCP-307 was first discovered by Agent  in ████████, ████, where he witnessed it rapidly growing up the trunk of a tree and consuming a nest of American robins. Further examination has revealed the prevalence of the plant throughout North America. It has shown itself to be highly resistant to any attempts at poisoning. This has included all commercially available herbicides, exposure to allelopathic plants, and formaldehyde. Except for the sample obtained for study, the plant has been burned wherever it has been encountered - however, it is very likely that numerous specimens still exist outside of Foundation control. SCP-307 is only kept alive in the hopes of engineering a biological agent to use on the wild population.

Document #307-A:  Experiment logs

Experiment 1:  █/██/████. Tray of mealworms introduced to cell.

Result:  SCP showed no signs of movement.

Experiment 2:  █/██/████. Chilean rose-hair tarantula introduced.

Result:  SCP showed no signs of movement. Did not respond when tarantula climbed onto SCP.

Experiment 3:  █/██/████. Live mouse introduced to cell.

Result:  SCP immediately began to grow in the direction of the mouse. One vine extended directly towards it, while two more grew around and in front of it, effectively surrounding the mouse. Mouse immediately became rigid and stopped moving upon contact with SCP-307. Behavior continued for 26 seconds before mouse fell on its side, obviously dead. Vines outside the planter were severed, allowing D-class personnel to collect mouse. Upon retrieval, mouse was noted to appear to be lacking any anatomic structure beside skin and bones. Mouse was taken for further examination.

When mouse was dissected, researchers noted a complete absence of blood, internal organs, and musculature. All interior structures were instead replaced with a system of roots, which researchers traced back to the mouse's skull. A single seed was found inside the mouse's otherwise empty brain cavity. Mouse was subsequently burned.

Experiment 4:  █/██/████. Jar containing 130 aphids introduced. Additional camera added for closeup viewing.

Result:  Aphids proceeded to attach themselves to SCP-307 and feed. SCP-307 did not respond in any visible manner. All aphids were dead within five (5) minutes of first feeding. Potential for use as insecticide noted.

Addendum 1:  Notes of interest taken by Agent Apocalemur during observation of SCP-307

附加记录：    

附加记录：    

Addendum 2:  In light of Incident 307, SCP-307 has been upgraded to Keter class. Appropriate adjustments to containment protocol have been made. See Incident Report 307 for more details.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Mar 2020 17:01
            
            Edit
+84)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Centre de Recherche
                      
              Saméliorer, Corriger, Partager
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Legends of Celesia
                      
              A DD 3.5/Pathfinder Campaign
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            pagi
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Inter Irc
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

