                        

What SCP-80-K Prime thinks it looks like.

Item #:  SCP-80-K-J

Object Class:  Ridiculous

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-80-K-J are to be contained within Site 24's Secure Avian Anomalies Sector. 1 has been used to construct a flimsy, three meter high fence around a 10m area to prevent SCP-80-K-J from interfering with or attacking other poultry-related anomalies in containment. A small wooden barracks has also been provided for shelter. SCP-80-K-J is to be fed daily at 5:00 AM, 12:00 PM, and 6:00 PM. Demands made by SCP-80-K Prime should be addressed in a patronizing tone and go unfulfilled.

Description:  SCP-80-K-J is a group of 30 bird-like creatures that resemble domestic fowl adorned with M1 combat helmets. Each instance of SCP-80-K-J is armed with a small plastic rifle affixed to the underside of their left or right wing with an unidentified type of adhesive3.

SCP-80-K-J Prime is the designation given to the highest ranking officer of SCP-80-K-J, discernible by the small general's hat it wears, and the crudely constructed medals5 of Foundation personnel and give orders to SCP-80-K-J.

SCP-80-K-J is usually aggressive towards most Foundation personnel, due to standing orders from SCP-80-K Prime to attempt escape from containment, with the exception of feeding times. Current containment procedures are more than sufficient to prevent SCP-80-K-J from escaping or causing harm to staff, though revisions will be considered if their behavior changes.

Interview 80-K-1 

Dr. Schmirtz:  Hello, I am Dr. Schmirtz, and I will be conducting this interview with you.

SCP-80-K Prime:  You will address me as , as my rank entails, or face dire repercussions.

Dr. Schmirtz:  Nah, we've decided to designate you as SCP-80-K Prime.

SCP-80-K Prime:  I am General T██6 of the Chicken Corps, and you will address me as  or be punished for insubordination!

Dr. Schmirtz:  you can't be serious. *loud sniggering can be heard*

SCP-80-K Prime:  I find nothing humorous about your continued refusal to follow military protocol. How does a court martial sound to you, son?

Dr. Schmirtz:  *continues laughter for another 15 seconds* Okay, okay, I think I got that all out, General T██. So what, you're all anomalous poultry that watched too much Full Metal Jacket back at whatever stupid GOI lab that shit you out? Hilarious.

SCP-80-K Prime:  Anomalous poultry? Anomalous Poultry?! I am General T██ of the United Chicken Corps, and I demand you show some respect!

Dr. Schmirtz:  Sorry, I couldn't understand you that time, it wasn't peppered with enough poorly understood military jargon. Something about the Ultra Chicken Corps?

SCP-80-K Prime:  No, you wretched imbecile. I said the United Chicken Corps. They are the special unit under my command.

Dr. Schmirtz:  Why?

SCP-80-K Prime:  Why what?

Dr. Schmirtz:  Why ?

SCP-80-K Prime:  A better question would be why I am being forced to answer such foolish questions from incompetent, insubordinate failures such as yourself.

Dr. Schmirtz:  No, a better question would be why a group of Meleagris gallopavo, who call themselves the , are gallivanting about with toy rifles, attacking dairy cows and attempting to annex an entire barn filled with farm equipment.

SCP-80-K Prime:  What did you call me?

Dr. Schmirtz:  Meleagris gallopavo?

SCP-80-K Prime:  Speak English, boy.

Dr. Schmirtz:  You'returkeys.

SCP-80-K Prime:  This interview is over!7

Dr. Schmirtz:  I hope you don't feel toocooped up while you're here.

SCP-80-K Prime:  You won't be laughing when my forces have nuked your little operation back to the stone age!

Dr. Schmirtz:  Oh that reminds me. We found your little  stash. It's been confiscated. And poached.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. No, not really. It's just chicken wire.
2. It's probably Elmer's Glue. Would that surprise anyone?
3. That time they tried to do jumping jacks together was hilarious though.
4. Looks like construction paper and glitter.
5. An Apache helicopter, an Abrams tank, the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier, etc.
6. I personally refer to it as .
7. But it will forever be in our hearts, General.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Oct 2019 01:12
            
            Edit
+103)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Bootstrap Playground
                      
              Because we all need a place to play
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Tales of Daeren
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Reactive Framework (Rx) Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Desenvolvimento de Jogos
                      
              Tecnologias para uso no desenvolver jogos
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

