                        

Link To Guide
Item#: 1363
Clearance

Containment Class:  euclid

Secondary Class:  {$secondary-class}

#/keneq

#/warning

SCP-1363 lesions on subject in Stage 1 infection.

Special Containment Procedures:  A 5mL vial containing a sample of SCP-1363 is kept in refrigerated biological storage at Bio-Research Site-101. Level 3 Biohazard Protocols are to be observed whenever research is performed on SCP-1363.

Personnel who begin to exhibit symptoms of SCP-1363 infection are to submit to blood testing. In the event of a breach, BRS-101 is to enter lockdown, and infected individuals are to be quarantined under Level 3 Biohazard Protocols. Personnel who recover are to be released one (1) week after symptoms cease. Remains of personnel who expire are to be incinerated.

Requests to interview SCP-1363-1 require the express approval of two (2) Level 3 Researchers. Interviews are only to be conducted while infected subjects are sedated.

Description:  SCP-1363 is a highly contagious human specific RNA virus which infects epithelial tissue. Transmission occurs through physical contact with infected bodily fluids. The virus is capable of rapidly mutating resistance to hostile agents, thus far rendering all antiviral treatments ineffective.

Infection by SCP-1363 occurs in three (3) stages:

Prodromal Stage: Begins between three (3) days and one (1) week following exposure with subjects reporting a sour, metallic taste and persistent headache. Testing at this stage reveals SCP-1363 present in the blood. Scrape-like skin lesions appear on the extremities through unknown means. This effect is reported to be painless, albeit unnerving.
Chronic Stage: Occurs between two (2) and three (3) weeks following exposure with subjects developing severe and widespread arthritis, as well as anemia and a progressive suppression of the immune system. At this point, lesions will start to form coherent words and sentences, which are controlled by two entities, collectively designated SCP-1363-1. It is possible to communicate with both entities by writing queries onto subjects, at which point lesions rapidly rearrange into responses. This rearrangement process is also painless, but has been shown to cause panic in subjects. Approximately 7% of subjects die of complications during this stage.
Convalescent Stage: After approximately 4-5 months, SCP-1363 concentration in blood will begin to fall, followed by spontaneous resolution of symptoms. Most subjects experience a full or nearly full recovery within 1 month. In all cases, no traces of SCP-1363 remain in the body after seven (7) months.

SCP-1363-1 consists of two entities, designated SCP-1363-1-A and B. SCP-1363-1-A claims to be the late H████ D███████, while SCP-1363-1-B claims to be the late L████ S█████. Both instances of SCP-1363-1 appear to be unaware of their nature, but are nonetheless amicable in personality, have demonstrated in-depth knowledge of 1940's era nuclear physics, and appear to enjoy interaction. Interviews with the subjects have been very informative, and both entities are extremely willing to divulge personal information.

On September 15, 1945, the first recorded outbreak of SCP-1363 infection occurred at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, resulting in the infection of █ researchers. However, it wasn't until an additional outbreak on May 30, 1946, a further ██ infections, and █ deaths that a quarantine was put into place and the virus was discovered.

As of ██/██/197█, SCP-1363 is contained in BRS-101 and is classified as Euclid.

Addendum 1:  Interview Log 1363-1-B-3

Interviewer:  Dr.███

Interviewed:  SCP-1363-1-B

Foreword:  Interview conducted through subject D-9356.

 

Dr.███:  Hello SCP-1363-1-B.

SCP-1363-1-B:  Please, call me L████.

Dr.███:  OK, L████, I would like to ask you some questions regarding your origins.

SCP-1363-1-B:  No problem. Well, I was born in [IRRELEVANT DATA REDACTED] So in May of that year I was performing some criticality testing on [REDACTED], right? The same one that killed H████. I'm being a little fast and loose like always, when my hand slipped, and there was immediately this blue light. I pulled apart the assembly, and told everyone to mark their spot on the ground.

Dr.███:  What happened next?

SCP-1363-1-B:  Then we left the building and I started throwing up. I was in the hospital for a few days, I knew I was done for. It was pretty bad, you know the effects of radiation?

Dr.███:  I am aware of the effects of radiation exposure. Continue, L████.

SCP-1363-1-B:  See, my memory kinda gets hazy then, I must've been delirious or something. The next thing I knew, I'm floating in this void, but I can see some of my buddies. So I try talking to them, but then they start freaking out like they think their skin is gonna fall off.

Dr.███:  Do you know why they were acting that way?

SCP-1363-1-B:  Nope. I can't see them anymore, all I can see is a guy in a prison suit. Are you that guy?

Dr.███:  No, that's D-9356. My name is Dr.███. Do you know how I'm communicating with you?

SCP-1363-1-B:  You're talking to me, right doc? I can hear your voice, I just can't see you. Where are you?

Dr.███:  I was about to ask you the same question, L████.

SCP-1363-1-B:  I'm with H████. So I guess I'm dead.

 
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                virus
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 05:02
            
            Edit
+155)
Tags
Discuss (48)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Environmental Journalists in India
                      
              Sign Up Here If Your Ink Is Green
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Darksouls3
                      
              Your trusted source of information for Dark Souls 3
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ginnungagap
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

