                        

Item #:  SCP-2957

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2957 is kept on the grounds of its original semi-private park location. The park gardens remain open to the public during the daytime, with gates closed promptly at dusk under the guise of routine maintenance and cleaning occurring during the evening. Foundation associates currently oversee the park's security services, under the guise of addressing recent vandalism and drug use reports. A security office close to the premises is kept for Foundation agent housing and temporary storage.

Two Level-3 field agents are currently assigned to the location, and are to patrol the grounds during 6-hour shifts. A storage cabin on the premises provides utilities and storage space, and is to be kept stocked with materials used in exchanges made with SCP-2957-1.

A roster of staff members trained in interaction with SCP-2957-1 is kept by Site-DE04. Foundation contacts with SCP-2957-1 individuals are to be rotated every six months. Backup personnel may be called in as necessary.

Any instances of SCP-2957-2 produced are to be carefully labeled and transported to Site-DE04 for analysis and long-term storage.

Description:  SCP-2957 is a silver-tinted cultured marble statuette measuring 60 garden gnome figurines1, with the exception of polished moonstone fragments inset into the eyes and fingernails of the figure.

SCP-2957's anomalous effects will manifest when exposed directly to the light of a quarter moon.2 Approximately seven minutes after initial exposure, SCP-2957 will disappear and an instance of SCP-2957-1 will manifest in the statue's location.

SCP-2957-1 are small humanoid creatures measuring 40 to 60 when reflecting the light of the moon, the sclera give off a faint yellow glow.

All observed instances of SCP-2957-1 have manifested adorned in similar dark blue robes with silver trimmings, and additionally wearing or carrying a large conical hat decorated with moonstone fragments similar to those embedded in SCP-2957. Despite the frail appearance of SCP-2957-1, their behavior suggests the individuals are in good health.

Upon manifestation, SCP-2957-1 individuals will address the nearest autonomous being5, SCP-2957-1 individual will then proceed to complete a complicated ritual involving various gestures and unintelligible spoken incantations to impart simple anomalous effects into the stone provided. Stones imbued with anomalous effects as a result of SCP-2957-1 are designated SCP-2957-2. An excerpt of notable recorded Foundation exchanges made with SCP-2957-1 includes:

Name, appearance
Material provided → Alteration
Payment requested / Translation
Exchange made

Schiefer,6 45cm tall, slightly dark skin, arrangement of moonstones on hat forms a circumpunct
10cm flat slate tile fragment → stone can be used as a mirror, reflects an individual's visage with excellent clarity.

Bulk amount of tightly-packed preserved seaweed sheets. SCP-2957-1 examined stock, took roughly 23kg of seaweed.

Bimsstein, 49cm tall, pale skin, arrangement of moonstones on hat forms an inverted triangle
6cm long clear calcite prism → when struck against the ground, emits a faint glow similar to moonlight for roughly 3 hours

20kg modern-process steel. SCP-2957-1 instantly rejected the modern steel in favor of the crucible steel.

Kohle, 55cm tall, extremely pale skin with faint hint of blue, a single moonstone embedded in hat, beard is notably shorter compared to other instances of SCP-2957-1
8cm irregularly-shaped moonstone → when exposed to visible light, diffuses scent of Cestrum nocturnum7, into the environment

10kg of the provided material.

Marmor, 60cm tall, pale skin a shade darker than Bimsstein, 3 moonstones arranged vertically on hat, beard is notably darker than other instances of SCP-2957-1, this instance also has a much thinner physique
7cm diameter circular moonstone → provides immediate soothing effect upon skin contact. Can be used as analgesic for minor long-term ailments.

Seven small royal-blue wool knit hats. SCP-2957-1 appeared visibly pleased with the number and color.

Addendum 2957-1:  Occasionally, on the night of a new moon, SCP-2957-1 instances will manifest from SCP-2957. During these times, manifested SCP-2957-1 instances appear tense or apprehensive in demeanor. On ██/██/████, a Foundation-familiar instance of SCP-2957-1 manifested. Agent Grauer, the current assigned SCP-2957-1 contact, managed to conduct a brief interview.

Note: The following interview was conducted in German and has been translated. Statements of interest from SCP-2957-1 are noted in their original wording.

Agent Grauer:  I have to say, this is an unusual moon phase to meet you.

Bimsstein:  Excuse me. But the tides are uneasy and the moon is restless in this dark night. His darker servants prefer such times.

Agent Grauer:  Are not all of you servants of the moon?

Bimsstein:   and with the decades it does not exactly improve. Yes, we are getting along but with every cycle of the moon there are fewer stones that speak, and with every day there are less places we can go to.

Agent Grauer:  I'm sorry to hear that. Is there nobody else who you can trade with?

Bimsstein:  We only trust ourselves. We bid for a bowl of milk here and there, but time goes by and the shadows grow longer. The Kobolde like superstitiousness and there is more horror and punishment they no. Forget what I have said.

Agent Grauer:  Kobolde, you say?

Bimsstein:  Those of us who take without exchange. We have withstood their raids. You should not be the next they are taking from.

Agent Grauer:  Should I be wary? Could I meet one of them?

Bimsstein:  [haltingly] Maybe, yes. Be suspicious. If you see one of us, with eyes so dark as a moonless night, who is lifeless as the still wind, and whose skin is limpid like trembling water, turn him away.

Agent Grauer:  ? So they are…?

Bimsstein:  They are those of us who have sworn off the first duty of the moon. Those who have turned away from him and his guiding words to live by their own schemes. 10

Agent Grauer:  Why do they decline the first duty?

Bimsstein:  The kindness of nature lies in the guidance of the moon, and the moon can't guide what he can't see. But though we need to hear his words, some don't want to listen. Let us not talk about them anymore.

Agent Grauer:  I apologize for bringing up this memory. Let us talk about your pay.

Bimsstein:  No my friend. You have listened, that is good enough for me. Consider it as full payment. We are always glad to trade with you. By the shine of the moonstones, we are glad men like you have found one of our talking stones.
附加记录：    

Investigation into the  entities mentioned by SCP-2957-1, and the existence of additional instances of SCP-2957, is ongoing. Recent manifestations of SCP-2957-1 have declined to comment further on their culture and history, but remain genial towards Foundation personnel.

Addendum 2957-2:  As of ██/██/████, increased security precautions have been recommended by Foundation personnel assigned to SCP-2957, due to recurring anomalous activity in the Wuppertal park currently housing the statuette. Surveillance records report fountain water turning a red hue, single bricks being removed from solid walls, and piles of dead insects appearing on the doorstep of the caretakers' cabin used to store trading goods for SCP-2957-1.

Recent manifestations of SCP-2957-1 have continued to decline to comment on these happenings, cautioning Foundation staff, .

Footnotes
SCP-1054 has been noted.
2. This information was noted upon SCP-2957's initial acquisition from Wuppertal, North Rhine-Westphalia, following Foundation investigation into reports of twice-monthly supernatural happenings associated with a public nature sanctuary garden. Civilian informants involved were amnesticized following interviews.
3. SCP-2957-1 have been observed to attempt conversation with pets, including domesticated cats, dogs, and rodents. SCP-2957-1 instances speak fluent German, and additionally understand common conversational phrases in a variety of other languages.
4. SCP-2957-1 demonstrate greater approval of translucent stones, but will alter any rock material provided by the individual they broker the deal with.
5. Noted by one SCP-2957-1 instance as .
6. Listed as the first instance of SCP-2957-1 to have successfully bartered with Foundation personnel.
7. Common name 
8. 
9. A race of creatures from German folklore, specifically a tale about little house gnomes.
10. 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                stone
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Aug 2020 21:03
            
            Edit
+95)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            History in the New Media
                      
              Digital Project Design in Archives and Public History
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IB Physics Stuff
                      
              - Wikified -
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Bad Webcomics Wiki
                      
              Improving our media, with hatred
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

