                        

Item #:  SCP-3527

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Instances of SCP-3527 are to be kept in mass humanoid containment chambers constructed of one-way glass for convenient observation with a maximum capacity of 12 organisms per chamber. Mobile Task Force Iota-10 () for cleanup and instance transfer.

Description:  SCP-3527 is the collective designation for a population (~450 instances (including those not yet contained)) of amorphous organisms capable of manifesting as humanoids. At the time of writing, all instances of SCP-3527 reside solely in New Mexico, United States of America. SCP-3527 instances are commonly found in collections of a varying population.1

Instances of SCP-3527 have the original form of a gelatinous substance which does not conform to any defined shape. Instances of SCP-3527 move in a manner similar to that of organisms in the Gastropoda class (gastropods). The size of SCP-3527 instances varies, with the smallest known measurements being ~.5m in height.

SCP-3527's primary anomalous property is the ability to take any layer(s) of skin from a subject (live or deceased) and form themselves into the inside of the skin with the purpose of concealing their abnormal nature through disguise. Instances may also reverse this process to return to their original gelatinous form. However, while instances are disguised, their gait is easily distinguishable from the typical human being due to their posture.

All instances of SCP-3527 are capable of speaking and comprehending simple English. Despite this ability, all instances speak with a large quantity of mispronunciation and grammatical errors. Most vocalizations by instances of SCP-3527 are of nature which most individuals would consider  yet they all hint at a sense of curiosity towards music (more specifically in the genres of rap).

When music of the rap genre is played in the vicinity of SCP-3527, all instances will attempt to imitate the lyrics and tempo of the music presented, usually to a degree commonly considered  in a common form that a human (or other organism responding to musical stimuli) would.

Addendum:  Below is an interview log between an instance of SCP-3527 and Researcher Reese Prospero.

Interviewer:  Dr. Reese Prospero

Interviewee:  SCP-3527-A-43
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Prospero:  Good evening, SCP-3527-A-43.

SCP-3527-A-43:  Dumb bitch. I Tupac. Not 

Dr. Prospero:  I'm sorry to break it to you, but you are not Tupac.

SCP-3527-A-43:  Yes.

Dr. Prospero:  Yes, you are not Tupac?

SCP-3527-A-43:  No response.

Dr. Prospero:  Alright. Why are you so interested in rap music?

SCP-3527-A-43:  Rap is popular. We want popular. We rap to popular.

Dr. Prospero:  Would you be willing to demonstrate this rapping ability?

SCP-3527-A-43:  Want a rap battle.

Dr. Prospero:  I am sorry, but I am not engaging in a rap battle with you.

SCP-3527-A-43:  Pussy.

Dr. Prospero shows slight signs of irritation.

Dr. Prospero:  Later. May you please attempt to rap for the record?

SCP-3527-A-43:  Yes.

Dr. Prospero:  Do you have a preference?

SCP-3527-A-43:  No. Am rap god. Any track, dawg.

Dr. Prospero proceeds to play  by musical artists Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future, and James Blake over the chamber intercom system. SCP-3527-A-43 proceeds to attempt to mimic the lyrics and move in a manner to match the tempo.

Dr. Prospero:  Okay, I think that's enou

The song proceeds to reach 1m44s. At this point, SCP-3527-A-43 releases a high-pitched vocalization in an attempt to mimic the current timeframe in the piece. This vocalization damages the hearing of three research personnel including Dr. Prospero. The music halts as it is manually turned off by Dr. Prospero.

Dr. Prospero:  Yeah.  alright.

Dr. Prospero proceeds to exit the chamber.

[END LOG] 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Every discovered SCP-3527 collection has been an abandoned motel; the reasoning for this is unknown.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            13 Jul 2020 22:48
            
            Edit
+43)
Tags
Discuss (22)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            LegendSpring
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bootstrap Playground
                      
              Because we all need a place to play
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Space Epic Untitled
                      
              From KUMA Games
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

