                        

Item #:  SCP-1611

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  The area in which SCP-1611 manifests is to be sealed off and designated as its containment chamber. No personnel are permitted to enter SCP-1611's containment chamber, with D-Class access permitted for test purposes. In the event that SCP-1611 begins speaking, on-site sound dampening speakers are to be activated until it ceases.

Description:  SCP-1611 is an apartment located within the [REDACTED] hotel in Miami, FL. SCP-1611's interior has never been directly observed; however, it is believed to have existed in its current state since 1989. SCP-1611-1 appears to be a young woman with distorted facial features and damaged clothing. SCP-1611-1 resembles M███ C████, the last known resident of SCP-1611.

When a subject approaches the stairwell leading to SCP-1611, SCP-1611-1 will crawl out of SCP-1611 and attempt to address them. SCP-1611-1 will claim that it has suffered a terrible injury or illness, then that the subject must assist them. As the subject approaches, it will move back into SCP-1611.

If the subject enters SCP-1611, the door leading to it will shut for 24 hours. Any visual recording devices brought in by the subject will cease functioning, while audio recordings will be heavily distorted. Audio recorded from within SCP-1611 indicates that the subject is interrogated by an entity within SCP-1611, with repeated references to sickness and M███ C████. These sounds cannot be heard from outside SCP-1611.

After 24 hours, portions of the subject will be ejected from SCP-1611. They will usually be missing one or more internal organs, in addition to epidermal tissue, skeletal structure and bodily fluids. None of these have been recovered. Testing to view the interior of SCP-1611 is ongoing.

SCP-1611 was discovered on 1/23/1989, when 11 people staying at the [REDACTED] hotel went missing over a 1-month period1. Agents were dispatched to investigate, and were able to discover SCP-1611's anomalous properties. A cover story was released, with cause of death listed as carbon monoxide poisoning. The [REDACTED] hotel was condemned, and converted to contain SCP-1611. As of 3/14/1989, SCP-1611 has been classified as Euclid.

Addendum:  On 11/12/1991, a diary belonging to M███ C████ was discovered by agents working with ████. Portions of this document have been included in this report.

I've been drinking again. Dr. Radley told me I couldn't keep it up, but he doesn't know what it's like to keep them away. If booze makes 'em shut up, then I'll self-medicate as much as I damn well please. Besides, it's not like I'm close to rock bottom. I have a nice apartment in Miami, good friends and good ale.

Damien is telling me about the seminar again. I really wish he'd shut up about it, because it's dumb as hell. If you really could find your inner self by sitting on the dirt and humming, then everybody would've done it.
附加记录：    

otten luck, I had to be dragged with him. It was in a really seedy part of town too. Like, seedier than my apartment hotel room. There were like 3 guys there, sitting on a patch of dirt and humming. The guy was really creepy looking. He had a fu-manchu and a glass eye. I'm pretty sure he had all the skin conditions too. ANYways, he gives me a pendant thing and tells me to sit down. So I sit there for like an hour, and it's so boooooriiing. They're all humming, and he's watching.

Walked out after that. It was just too damn weird.

I just realized I still have the rock though. I guess I could give it back but that would entail going back there. So no.
附加记录：    

 I was out of the way and he was wrapped around a telephone pole. Someonething pushed me out of the way.

I'm not going out tomorrow.
附加记录：    

These portions have been significantly damaged due to age, water, and exposure. Restoration efforts are ongoing.

)fe with him in my little room. He's watching over me.
附加记录：    

The coughing is worse today. I()ust watches me die.
附加记录：    

People()find me please please ple

we can help. let us breathe life into you again
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. including M███ C████

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 10:27
            
            Edit
+116)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Jakeopod Wiki
                      
              All things Jakeopod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            STE documentation wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            混沌分裂者
                      
              于无理之中创造逻辑
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Captain Barefoot
                      
              The naturist guide to the Greek Islands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

