                        

Item #:  SCP-563

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As all carcasses of SCP-563-A have been removed from SCP-563, minimal containment of SCP-563 is required. It is to be surrounded by a perimeter of motion trackers at every three meters, which are remotely monitored by Site 1265-A, 15 kilometers away.

Mobile Task Force-Ξ-22 (Codename: Hanna's Barbarians) is tasked with locating and containing other instances of SCP-563 and finding information pertaining to the Ancient Dragon Culinary Corporation. Currently, MTF-Ξ-22 is working with the governments of South Korea, Japan and the People's Republic of China to covertly outlaw the trade of SCP-563-B instances, and recall any existing instances, citing food safety concerns.

The government of the People's Republic of China is currently collaborating with the Foundation to find sites similar to SCP-563, and locating living instances of SCP-563-A for study.

Description:  SCP-563 is the designation for an abandoned plot of farmland located in Hubei Province, China. The facilities of SCP-563 have been modified for the factory farming of animals weighing up to several tonnes. SCP-563 is equipped mainly to handle large poultry, but other animals were raised at the facility.

SCP-563-A refers to the carcasses of the presumed livestock of SCP-563, which were found at time of recovery. SCP-563-A instances were several species of dinosaur and related reptiles that lived in China and Mongolia in the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods. For a partial list of recovered specimens, see Log 563-05.

When alive, SCP-563-A instances were presumably farmed to create instances of SCP-563-B. SCP-563-B is the  line of products made by a company known as the Ancient Dragon Culinary Corporation. Records of this company have been found, but as of writing, the location of their primary business office and other facilities used to make SCP-563-B are currently unknown. SCP-563-B products are sold in several East Asian countries, but have been discovered in some supermarket chains in the USA. Various instances of SCP-563-B include:

Apata-sours:  an instant ramen made with sweet-and-sour sauce and the meat of an unknown sauropod, presumably a smaller, easier to contain dinosaur similar to Abrosaurus dongpoi. Notably, chunks of gastroliths have been found in this product, suggesting it is partially made with stomach meat.
Ancient Dragon Velociraptor Noodles:  instant noodles made with an assortment of meat from several dinosaurs, as well as pork, rice, and chunks of melon in what is advertised to be a  product reportedly tastes like high-quality instant noodles, with a high salt content. The first product of the Ancient Dragon Culinary Corporation to be sold in the USA in the [REDACTED] specialty supermarket chain.

Dino-Snaxxx:  sold in Japan under varying flavors. Marketed using anthropomorphic dinosaur mascots, including  testing of the product has revealed that it is made of several species.
Kentucky-Fried Therizinosaur:  A deep-fried poultry product sold as a frozen dinner in some parts of South Korea. As the name suggests, the meat is mostly made up of Therizinosaurus cheloniformis. Reportedly tastes like a very tough chicken.
Kyōryū kōgan:  literally  Sold primarily in Japan, consistently found to be made out of meat of pterosaurs of the Jeholopterus genus. Advertised to increase sexual stamina and fertility in both men and women.

Other non-anomalous products in this line include ginkgo soup, candied fern leaves, 2

Records found pertaining to the Ancient Dragon Culinary Corporation list SCP-563 as  Investigations into the existence of the other 21+ farms and other facilities related to SCP-563 is currently ongoing.

Log 563-05:  A partial log of deceased specimens of SCP-563-A

A group of Microraptor zhaoianus, found in a locked shed near the central office of the farm. Injuries indicated that they were shot at close range with 10mm rounds. Notably, two instances were found to still be alive, having avoided fatal injuries from the gunshots and surviving on the carcasses of the deceased instances. All instances were found to have been wearing pet collars.
Several hundred instances of Jeholopterus ninchengensis, presumably in an artificial nest, found in a large metal shed. Cause of death not immediately obvious; testing showed that all instances had been exposed to cyanide gas.
The carcasses of several species of unidentified sauropod, immolated, found in a field surrounded by a highly powerful and tall (approximately 5m) electric fence. Fence was found active upon containment of SCP-563, and contact with it resulted in severe injuries to a recovery force member.
Burnt remains of several ceratopsian dinosaurs, including Protoceratops, were found near the aforementioned sauropod enclosure.

Posthumous examination of all SCP-563-A instances found that up to 79% of the individuals found had a prion in their system prior to their death; testing on this prion found it to be similar to a prion that causes Kuru, suggesting that SCP-563-A instances had been fed or were feeding on the meat of the same species. Notably, most species of raptor found on-site were immune to this prion.

Addendum: Document 563-ADCC-05:  The following is a translation of a document recovered from behind a picture frame in the main office building at SCP-563. The document was partially damaged by mold; however, Foundation linguists have been able to reconstruct what they believe is an accurate rendition of the document.

Dear [Name Unknown].

As the Americans say, we have hit the [Jackpot/Windfall/Big Time]. No more simple frozen meals for this failing company. The jungle you pointed us to has given us quite a boon. The meat is delicious, the fruit is [unknown, most likely a synonym of  but honestly, I'm no paleontologist. It was the best thing I had ever tasted.

And the eggs it would make an American [scientist, most likely paleontologist] blush and then die of joy.

We're sending back a few specimens to [the leader?]. Next stop, [unknown; next sentence indicates a country to the north, most likely either Russia or Mongolia]. Northward we go!

With regards,

Zhou Song
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Takara Tyrannosaur and Riza Raptor, respectively.
2. The fish in these buns have been found to have actually been a species of trilobite, shelled and heavily cooked.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Nov 2019 05:03
            
            Edit
+172)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Yerkos Sandbox IV
                      
              ¿Cuatro ya? LeL
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Save Energy, Save Future
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Elogee Chamber
                      
              Ike for President
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר אא
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

