                        

SCP-2509-e in Outdoor Containment Area

Item #:  SCP-2509

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-2509 are to be housed in individual Standard Safe Zoological Containment Units. Entities are to have access to an Outdoor Containment Area for four hours each day. SCP-2509 objects require no sustenance, but are to be provided weekly with canine toys. Staff are not permitted in SCP-2509 enclosures.

Description:  SCP-2509 consists of five objects: (U.S. Units per official object description)

SCP-2509-a: Wilton 4lb Head 12 Sledge Hammer
SCP-2509-b: RYOBI Cordless Power Drill P205
SCP-2509-c: Fiskars 8 Hedge Shears
SCP-2509-d: Wooster Majestic 2 Paintbrush
SCP-2509-e: Echo 16 Gas Chain Saw

All objects are animate, capable of movement by rapidly slamming themselves against the ground while pivoting and tilting forward. Instances are also capable of jumping and rearing up as though they possess hind legs. Each entity's primary interaction with individuals and objects is expressed through that item's primary function. It should be noted that SCP-2509-b and SCP-2509-e operate continuously without need of energy source or fuel.

Testing shows all objects demonstrate the approximate intellect, behaviors, and general mannerisms of Canis lupus familiaris1. Instances are very friendly towards humans, but seem unaware of both their anomalous form and the hazards they present. As a result, interaction with SCP-2509 entities is extremely dangerous.

Behavior analysis of individual instances shows identical responses during testing. As such, researchers theorize that objects are separate iterations of the same source intelligence.

Discovery Log:  SCP-2509 was discovered in ███████, TX, USA by ████████ County Police officers after noise complaints were filed against Mark G████. Embedded Foundation personnel reported anomalous activity on ██/██/██ at 0423 hours. Mobile Task Force Theta-14 () was sent to the scene. Discovering officers were successfully amnesticized.

SCP-2509 entities were found in G████'s home garage. MTF-Theta-14 contained the instances, though minor injuries were incurred. Agents discovered G████'s body on floor. Cause of death was loss of blood and extreme physical trauma, presumably caused by SCP-2509 objects. Also discovered was the body of a Canis lupus familiaris, breed Golden Retriever. Animal showed no signs of injury; necropsy confirms it died of lymphosarcoma2 several days prior. Investigation of the home discovered multiple framed pictures of G████ with the animal in question.

Several ritualistic items and mathematical diagrams of an unknown nature were also found beside the bodies; however, objects were badly damaged, and little could be determined about their origin. Also found was a book entitled Mathematical Incursions Intersecting Transubstantive Constructs. (See Excerpt Below) No indication of author or publisher could be found.

Disinformation campaign following G████'s death was minimal as background check discovered no known relatives or close associates. Official cause of death was listed as suicide.

Excerpt from Mathematical Incursions Intersecting Transubstantive Constructs 

Passage bookmarked and heavily annotated by G████.

Concentrate on mental image of target deceased, preferably laughing or running

Fold mental image 45°, Quadrant 1 to Quadrant 3

Rotate 14° anticlockwise

Rotate on z-axis 37° towards remembrance

Bisect mental image along w-axis, compensate for distortions with images of birds

Inhale, hold breath for 4 seconds.

Exhale, lowering mental image perpendicular to plane of thought until intersection with the intended body of inhabitance.

Caution: Spillage may contaminate unintended vessels.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Common domestic dog.
2. Cancer of the lymphatic system.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  chainsaw.jpg

Author:  CirclesAndSquares

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                tool
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Aug 2020 02:25
            
            Edit
+84)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chrysalis
                      
              A Final Fantasy Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Οι επιπτώσεις του Φαινομένου του Θερμοκηπίου στην Κρήτη
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Coffeetime Extra
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars: Age of Might
                      
              My Star Wars Saga
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

