                        

Item #:  SCP-1200

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Discovery and seizure of SCP-1200 are performed by FDA under CFR Title 21. Once in the possession of FDA, the recovered samples are to be replaced by non-anomalous duplicates and transferred to Site-197.

As the SCP-1200-A entities do not require sustenance or oxygen, they are to be contained in individual reinforced containers and stored in the I-TL1 Wing of Site-197.

Description:  SCP-1200 designates all chewing gum distributed under the .

When an SCP-1200 sample is masticated by a human subject, the sample's anomalous effects will manifest. The particulars and the duration of the effects vary based on the flavor of the sample. Currently, 83 flavors of SCP-1200 have been documented. Swallowing SCP-1200 samples does not produce any further anomalous effects.

Addendum 1200-1:  Partial list of SCP-1200 flavors. See 1200-E:KV for a full list.

Designation
Effects

Label

Color

SCP-1200-12 
Subject's gustatory perception was altered for 28 hours following the consumption of the sample. The subject was unable to discern the taste of consumed food, perceiving a lemon taste instead.

Lime Green

SCP-1200-15 
Subject became luminescent, emitting over 40000 lux of white light. The subject was not harmed by the effect. The effect continued for 20 minutes, after which time its intensity gradually decreased, ceasing fully after an additional 4 minutes.

“Tastes Like Sunshine”

Bright yellow

SCP-1200-29 
For 216 minutes, subject was able to rearrange at will segments of her body, both internal and external. The functionality of the affected segments and the health of the subject was not diminished in the process. The alterations were accompanied by secondary changes in seemingly unrelated regions. Due to this, the subject was unable to return to her original body plan.

Multicolored

SCP-1200-30 
Six corporeal humaniform entities manifested in the vicinity of the subject. The entities did not exhibit sapient behavior, instead mimicking the actions and speech of the subject, guards and researchers, and each other. The entities continued to exist for six days, before dissolving into a homogeneous liquid. Subsequent analysis of the liquid revealed it to be a mixture of organic materials, iron particles, and acrylic paint.

Dark blue

SCP-1200-58 
Polyhedral, crystalline exoskeleton formed around the subject. The resulting object proceeded to levitate at the height of 1.3 meters above the ground. The object remained inert for the next 62 days. After the conclusion of that period, the object broke apart, and the subject emerged unharmed. When debriefed regarding his experience, the subject stated that he was transported to a green meadow, where he met his younger brother. Notably, the subject does not have any living or deceased siblings.

White

SCP-1200-62 
Incorporeal, translucent, leporine organisms appeared to emerge from the walls of the subject's cell. The organisms proceeded to reach the subject and burrow inside her body. The subject did not react to these events and claimed to be unable to perceive the entities. Video recordings of the incident did not show any anomalous activity. The subject expired 11 days later due to exsanguination. No injuries have been found on the body. To date, this is the only known fatality caused by the effects of an SCP-1200 sample.

Red

Addendum 1200-2:  On 2003-02-20, while conducting an unrelated investigation, Foundation operatives discovered a facility dedicated to production of SCP-1200-30. At the time of discovery, the facility was populated by 28 anomalous entities. The entities were subsequently contained, designated SCP-1200-A, and transported to Site-197.

Instances of SCP-1200-A are animate humanoid entities composed primarily from wrought iron. SCP-1200-A have been covered in several layers of paint, typically white, dim blue, or yellow. The outer layers of paint are largely absent, while the remaining segments are faded and flaking; the underlaying material is showing signs of oxidation. In the center of SCP-1200-A's head is a large circular opening. No other features are present.

When not contained, the SCP-1200-A entities will attempt to acquire recently deceased human bodies and transform them into SCP-1200-30. Each entity will locate a suitable cadaver and transport it to the base facility. There, the entity will regurgitate paint, various biological matter, and small slags of iron, into the mouth of the cadaver. The entity will repeat this process over the course of several weeks. Eventually, the body will liquefy, forming a dense homogeneous liquid, which will disappear via unknown means soon after. Chemical analysis of the liquid identifies it as the substance constituting 80% of SCP-1200-30 sample's contents.

Addendum 1200-3:  Cross-reference analysis of the Foundation Archives returned a relevant phone call. The call was made on 1999-06-02 from a pay phone located 2km from the SCP-1200-A base facility. A single unidentified male voice can be heard on the recording. The transcript of the recording follows.

Herrick, this is Davis.

I'm all done with the psychopomps here. We redirected the output to the location you wanted, weren't any problems there. The goo should start arriving to you shortly.

About your other order, Morton spotted some nanohives in Budapest. I'm heading out there tomorrow. They should do nicely for your task, after some tinkering.

Make sure there won't be any issues with my payment this time. If your contacts at the Factory are unwilling, I can always find someone else.

Call you in two weeks.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1200-4:  On 2003-08-24, two days after dismantling of the SCP-1200-A base facility was concluded, packages containing a previously unknown flavor of SCP-1200 arrived to several non-clandestine Foundation facilities. The testing results are included below.

SCP-1200-83 
No anomalous effects observed.

Colorless

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:51
            
            Edit
+205)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            A Shining Brainless Beacon
                      
              I Have a Special Plan for This World
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Future of Energy
                      
              Analyzing The Options
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mac Video Tutorial
                      
              Mac OS X video tutorial i18n subtitles project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Części Fiat i nie tylko
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

