                        

SCP-1996 manifesting in [REDACTED], Alabama.

Item #:  SCP-1996

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Any reports of SCP-1996 apparitions are to be concealed via standard disinformation campaign protocols, such as the seizure of local documentation and application of Class-C amnestics. Current attempts at containment are focused on creating or controlling areas determined as probable locations of SCP-1996 apparition events. Any documents left at apparition event sites by SCP-1996 are to be classified as non-anomalous records, archived at Site-77.

Description:  SCP-1996 is a humanoid organism, approximately 1.4 meters in height with an unknown weight. It wears clothing similar to stereotypical  garb, and in 65% of all sightings has been carrying documents (See Addendum for greater detail.).

SCP-1996 phenomenon consists of it appearing at historical or otherwise significant locations in the continental United States. Since its classification as an anomaly on 11/14/1987, SCP-1996 has been documented appearing at or nearby over 210 locations, with a significant number of unverified cases currently under investigation. Locations at which SCP-1996 will materialize appear to be those with very minor historical significance.

When active, SCP-1996 will wander through the location randomly, occasionally stopping to observe objects within the area. It has been documented walking up walls, manifesting chairs in air, walking through stairs which did not exist prior to SCP-1996's appearance, and standing suspended in the air observing scenery. If a subject attempts to speak to SCP-1996, it will respond with some variant of  Attempts to meet SCP-1996 with hostility will result in it dematerializing.

Occasionally, documents will be left behind by SCP-1996. Documents of this nature appear to relate the area SCP-1996 had appeared in, presented in the form of a tourist's guidebook. As of 11/12/1999, over 200 individual documents relating to SCP-1996 have been recovered, several of which make reference to a 1.

Addendum:  Documents relating to SCP-1996 and the location they were found in.

Location/Description  ████ Amusement Park, the amusement park constructed in the city of [REDACTED]

SCP-1996 Description:  Come one come all, to the greatest park on earth! As you wander an empty and vast plane of rust and depravity, you'll be able to spot the bums suckling at the teat of our liberties on all sides. If you bring a silver dollar, you might be able to buy back your soul. But I doubt it. A vacation destination to be taken by the discriminating gentleman.
附加记录：    

Location/Description  A home in ████ █████, which was home to the third cousin of renowned poet ███ ███████.

SCP-1996 Description:  As we tread to our next location, you might be able to grab an autograph. For it's a powerful and illustrious member of the ███████ family, reduced to guttural misery and puddles of warm wetness and shame. You can munch on concessions as he strolls through the dead gardens, and laugh as his life builds into a leaning tower of failure. A gift shop can be found in the crawl space.
附加记录：    

Location/Description  Site-████, an inactive Foundation facility. Has the distinction of being the first Foundation facility to be built in the 20th Century

SCP-1996 Description:  Visit scenic Zone-████, a perfect place for the whole family to visit for the weekend! SEE  the oozing pustules of the Tentacled Stomach, or be amazed as the Dance Machine forces you all to boogie all night! You might even be able to hang out with Riley the Shadow Imp! So come on down, we're sure you'll have an absolute blast.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Investigation has shown that the name was registered in 1985; however, no books were ever published under the label and it is considered defunct.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Mar 2020 21:28
            
            Edit
+97)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Nimin Wiki
                      
              The best text-based mature RPG database that anyone can edit!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mágia Mesterei Wiki
                      
              Segítség az online játékhoz
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            O5 Command
                      
              Why they changed it I cant say. People just liked it better that way
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Circulation Services
                      
              Library Circulation and Access Services
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

