                        

SCP-814 prior to containment

Item #:  SCP-814

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-814-1 is to be kept in a sprung, evacuated anechoic chamber within the Quiet Area of a Type IV acoustic containment facility. SCP-814-2 is to be stored in a climate-controlled locker outside the facility's Quiet Area. As its mechanisms are very fragile, SCP-814-1 is not to be accessed under any circumstances without the authorization of its Senior Researcher or HMCL. In the event of a Site emergency, SCP-814 is to be remotely destroyed.

Description:  SCP-814-1 is an ornate mahogany enclosure housing an antique wax-cylinder type phonograph (c. 1900 CE) of unique design. The internal mechanism, which is completely functional, is capable of holding up to four music cylinders; notably, it is capable of the replay of multiple cylinders simultaneously. The manufacturer's mark  is etched on several of the phonograph's components.

SCP-814-2 is a set of four phonograph cylinders recovered from SCP-814-1's four cylinder slots. These cylinders are of approximately the same age as SCP-814-1, albeit made of hardened steel rather than wax. Each cylinder has the phrase  even under confocal microscopy, the grooves show no apparent deviation from the pattern required to produce a pure tone of precisely the given frequency.

SignificantSCP-814-2

SignificantSCP-814-2

When SCP-814-2 cylinders are played via SCP-814-1, the sine-wave tones produced are anomalously free of distortion. Even considering the nature of the cylinder grooves, such tones are exact to a degree theoretically impossible given the nature of the phonograph. Recordings of the tones show no deviations from a purely sinusoidal waveform other than those attributable to the recording equipment; when digital recorders are directly connected to SCP-814-1, the resultant tones are sinusoidal to within the quantization error of the equipment used.2 The cylinders can be played individually or in groups, the latter producing various dyad, triad or tetrad octave harmonies.

Humans exposed to the tones produced when SCP-814-2 is played via SCP-814-1 describe subtle but pervasive feelings of harmony, correctness and well-being. This experience is moderately addictive; as such, human experimentation with SCP-814 is to be limited. Subjects exposed to playback of SCP-814-2 via any other cylinder phonograph report no such experiences.

SignificantSCP-814-1

SignificantSCP-814-1

Use of SCP-814-1 to play any audio source other than SCP-814-2 results in massive distortions of local spacetime.

These properties were discovered during Recovery Test Series A. During these tests, human subjects that had been exposed to the output of the SCP-814-1/2 combination became insistent on trying new audio cylinders. A subsequent transient effect  resulted in the deaths of all personnel within the test chamber.

After extensive experimentation3, the following general theory of the object's operation has been proposed:

Slot 1 affects x, defined as the spatial axis perpendicular to the front and back of SCP-814-1;
Slot 2 affects y, defined as the spatial axis perpendicular to the sides of SCP-814-1;
Slot 3 affects z, defined as the spatial axis perpendicular to the top and bottom of SCP-814-1;
Slot 4 affects t, defined as time.

The playback of any tone, or tones, that are not a precise multiple or factor of 440Hz results in space or time distortions. The extent and severity of these distortions depends on the amplitude of the cylinder grooves, the setting of SCP-814-1's Volume lever, and the degree to which the pitch, or pitches, in the source are not precisely in-tune with an idealized 440Hz reference.

Even reference cylinders of a similar type to SCP-814-2 result in noticeable spacetime distortions when played; observers describe a multidirectional  induces drastic distortions of localized spacetime when played through SCP-814-1. Only SCP-814-2 has been found to produce tones close enough to the idealized reference to prevent such effects. It has been theorized that the SCP-814-1/2 combination's known effect on human subjects is actually a second-order result of its effect on local spacetime.

Experimentation to discover the full range of SCP-814-1's effects is ongoing.

Addendum:  After Incident 814-BREAKGLASS, in which unauthorized recordings were placed in three of the four slots and the Volume setting was set to 6/10, experimentation with SCP-814-1 is suspended indefinitely.

Footnotes
1. 55Hz, 440Hz, 3.52kHz and 14.08kHz, respectively.
2. This phenomenon has been confirmed from 8-bit/11kHz up to 32-bit/192kHz precision.
3. See Experiment Series SCP-814-A1 through A67.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Jul 2020 18:43
            
            Edit
+112)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Developer Help
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chaos Insurgency
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mainframes
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

