                        

SCP-2989-A

SCP-2989-B

Item #:  SCP-2989

Object Class:  Safe Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  Site-2989-α has been constructed in the Arashiyama bamboo forest in Sagano, Kyoto, Japan at the point at which SCP-2989 instances manifest. Site-2989-β has been installed at the former Barnswood public library, Barnswood, Montana, USA.

While manifested, SCP-2989 instances are to be constantly observed and recorded. SCP-2989 instances may be handled for observation purposes while not feeding. SCP-2989 instances are not to be interacted with or disturbed while in the pupal stage.

Description:  SCP-2989-A and SCP-2989-B are a pair of organisms resembling a Japanese Emperor caterpillar and an Orange Spicebush Swallowtail caterpillar, respectively.

SCP-2989 instances will periodically undergo spontaneous spatio-temporal shifts, relocating to a seemingly random point in time at either Site-2989-α or Site-2989-β. In order to trigger these shifts, SCP-2989 instances will enter their pupal stages, at which point the instances will dematerialize and rematerialize outside of its chrysalis at another point in the timeline. Of note is that the time elapsed between when an SCP-2989 instance enters its pupal stage can last anywhere from a few minutes to several years. Though multiple temporal copies of each instance have been observed at the same time, and SCP-2989-A and SCP-2989-B have both materialized at the same time at different Sites, at no point have both SCP-2989 instances been observed to exist at the same time at the same Site. (See Addendum 2).

SCP-2989 instances have demonstrated the ability to ingest and metabolize both paper products and bamboo plant tissues with no adverse effects. Whenever dematerializing from Site-2989-β, SCP-2989 instances cause the growth of bamboo plants on nearby surfaces. Upon dematerializing from Site-2989-α, SCP-2989 instances cause the discoloration of nearby surfaces. This discoloration takes the form of text in modern English, French, and Japanese.

Addendum 1:  Samples of text generated by SCP-2989 instances at Site-2989-α.
Text generated by SCP-2989-A:

I see all your words.

Why am I still unable

To find you my dear?
附加记录：    

A blind man is one who sees but has no vision.

A faithful man is one whose vision is still beyond the horizon.

How then can faith be blind

And vision needless of faith?
附加记录：    

Wait, I think we almost met that last time. Try aiming a bit to your left.
附加记录：    

i must find you i need you i miss you with my entire being and yet even though i let all my words flow out from my heart in the present they are unable to find you
附加记录：    
Text generated by SCP-2989-B:

And so we follow endlessly

The troubles which we leave for ourselves.

Unable to move on

Except in this hopeful infinity.

Unable to forget.
附加记录：    

Why are so many feelings needed, when one overwhelms the universe?
附加记录：    

Twirling through the ocean vast

Side by side two nets are cast.

Each one hopes to snag the other

To hold love stronger than a brother.
附加记录：    

I miss you.
附加记录：    

Addendum 2:  Incident 2989-ATLAS

On █/█/20██, both SCP-2989-A and SCP-2989-B simultaneously materialized at Site-2989-α. Both SCP-2989 instances moved towards each other, triggering a spatial disturbance. Once the disturbance had subsided, both instances had merged into a single chrysalis. After eight days, a butterfly of unknown species (designated SCP-2989-C) emerged from the chrysalis. SCP-2989-C's wings possessed a fractal pattern with orange, yellow, and green coloration. After three hours and forty three minutes, SCP-2989-C underwent a spatio-temporal shift, escaping containment. Discolorations on nearby surfaces formed the word  in fifty five different languages1 as well as in three unknown scripts. No SCP-2989 instances observed as of Incident 2989-ATLAS. Object Class changed to Neutralized.

Footnotes
1. The same languages used on the Voyager Golden Record.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  JapEmperor-catterpillar-mew.jpg

Name:  'Curly wurly' - Caterpillar of the Tailed Emperor butterfly - panoramio.jpg

Author:  Sue Allen

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

Filename:  Orange catterpillar.jpg

Name:  Orange Spicebush Swallowtail Caterpillar 1.png

Author:  1oleary

License:  CC BY-SA 4.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Sep 2020 04:51
            
            Edit
+106)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Rhetorical Goddess Wiki
                      
              Because the Truth and That Which Resembles It Belong to the Same Capacity
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Darry Container
                      
              We know our way out.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Crab Den
                      
              We Vibing 🦀
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Socjobs2011
                      
              Sociology Job Market 2010-2011
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

