                        

COGNITOHAZARD WARNING
Access to SCP-4065 documentation requires specialized countermemetic inoculation. Individuals without appropriate inoculation will be unable to perceive this file. Inoculated personnel should view the image below.

Pechkarjova/Bakken Selective Perception Countermeme

COUNTERMEMETICVERIFIED

4/4065
CLASSIFIED

Item #: SCP-4065
Object Class: Keter

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An instance of SCP-4065-11

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4065 is currently uncontained. Research into developing a countermeme is ongoing. SCP-4065-3 instances are to be erased or deleted whenever possible; SCP-4065-3 has been deleted from most files requiring Level 2/General, Level 3/Ontokinetic, and/or Level 4/Memetic clearance to edit, although these changes are frequently reverted by infected personnel. Information about SCP-4065 is restricted to SCP-4065-resistant individuals via selective perception countermemes.

All anomalies whose containment procedures rely on the use of SCP-4065-1 are major breach risks; however, many of those anomalies have been infected with SCP-4065, and as such are partially self-containing. Alternate containment procedures for these anomalies are to be developed and enacted as soon as possible.

Description:  SCP-4065 is an anomalous memetic contagion that currently affects almost all Foundation personnel. Affected individuals believe in the existence and efficacy of a piece of technology identified as a  while it was largely successful in its original purpose, the parameters for infection were not well-defined, and it was quickly transmitted to Foundation personnel.

SCP-4065-1 and -2 instances are created by infected individuals from available materials; SCP-4065-1 instances tend to be constructed from laboratory equipment, kitchen appliances, and desktop computers, while SCP-4065-2 instances tend to be constructed from smaller devices, such as pocket calculators and mobile phones. These devices usually have a number of buttons, switches, LEDs and dials that function as a control panel; SCP-4065-2 instances always have at least one prominent antenna or receiver dish. In addition to the electronic components, SCP-4065-1 and -2 instances occasionally contain more exotic materials, including large quartz crystals, radiation sources, and human remains. All documented SCP-4065-1 and -2 instances have been painted or otherwise marked with SCP-4065-3.

SCP-4065-3 is a memetic trigger sigil, originally devised by Dr. Susan Scranton, which acts as the primary vector for SCP-4065 infection. When an individual who has moderate knowledge of the Foundation's existence, purpose, and ideology2 sees SCP-4065-3, they begin to show symptoms of SCP-4065 infection within 48 hours; individuals who have worked directly with ontokinetic anomalies or have ontokinetic abilities themselves show symptoms within 8 hours. A secondary component of the SCP-4065 meme-complex is the idea that SCP-4065-3 is the primary logo or seal of the Foundation; as a result, SCP-4065-3 is now widely used by Foundation personnel as an identifying emblem, and variations have been adopted for use by all major Foundation departments.

There is currently no known countermeme for SCP-4065 infection. It is currently hypothesized that immunity to SCP-4065 requires full knowledge of its creation and the memes that compose it; the only individual who fulfills these criteria is the creator, Dr. Susan Scranton.

Footnotes
1. Constructed from a thermal immersion circulator. SCP-4065-3 redacted.
2. All Foundation personnel and most sapient anomalies in Foundation containment fulfill these criteria. It is likely that members of most major groups of interest are also susceptible to SCP-4065 infection, although this is currently unconfirmed.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 17:59
            
            Edit
+167)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            iRacing.com Wiki
                      
              Your one-stop-shop for all iRacing setup help and knowledge.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pagan Michigan
                      
              News and Networking for the Pagan Community of Michigan
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot - Free and Pro Wiki Hosting
                      
              your place on the web
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

