                        

Item #:  SCP-906

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Subject is to be contained in a three (3) by three (3) meters squared, fully airtight, twelve (12) centimetre thick titanium enclosure surrounded by acid-resistant glass. Temperature must be kept under 5 degrees Celsius. Should temperature exceed this limit, all personnel are to be evacuated to a distance of at least one hundred (100) meters. Immediate area containing enclosure will then be locked down until temperature has been lowered. Holding cell is to be maintained on a bi-weekly basis and checked for sufficient corrosion or gaps. Any damage to holding cell is to be repaired immediately.

SCP-906 is to be monitored at all times from four (4) digital cameras mounted on each corner of the enclosure. Any abnormal behaviour reported from these cameras will result in immediate lockdown of area around containment cell. Access to SCP-906 is permitted only to supervised Class D personnel for feeding and/or enclosure maintenance. SCP-906 is to be fed 80kg of raw meat every forty-two (42) hours.

Description:  SCP-906 is a writhing mass of dark brown, worm-like invertebrates. These organisms seem to interact in a uniform fashion, forming a colonial  however, when travelling longer distances, it will deviate to a flattened mass with a greater efficiency of movement.

SCP-906 is capable of secreting a viscous, highly corrosive, semi-translucent fluid, similar in colour to its skin. This substance is shown to have an acidic strength comparable to hydrofluoric acid, but it has a less pronounced effect on titanium, no effect on acid-resistant glass and [DATA EXPUNGED]. This substance displayed the ability to destroy teeth, bones, hair, nails, clothing, jewellery, and some kinds of equipment in under an hour.

SCP-906 is predatory and highly aggressive: when hungry, it will swarm over any living creature within its path and coat them in its acidic secretion, thereby breaking down the matter into a liquid slurry which it then consumes. Attempts to remove or disturb SCP-906 during its feeding have proved fruitless. When a designated prey is nearby, SCP-906 will alter its form into that of a flowing  and move across any surface in order to pursue its target until the prey is captured. Due to the small width of SCP-906 component organisms (two (2) centimeters wide), barriers will only slow its advance. Obstacles that cannot simply be passed will be destroyed by the acidic substance SCP-906 secretes. SCP-906 has also displayed the ability to take alternate routes to reach its prey such as drainage pipes and ventilation shafts.

Through methods currently unknown, SCP-906 appears capable of mimicking animal like sounds and  before attacking its prey. This behaviour suggests a kind of rudimentary sentience, but it is unknown how a creature comprising several thousand individual organisms is able to achieve this.

SCP-906 specimens, when removed from the larger , will attempt to move back toward the central mass and have been known to dissolve through any obstacles in their way. It should be noted that individual specimens do not show the same level of navigation skills as the full superorganism. Specimens of SCP-906 have the ability to reconstruct into multiple versions when damaged in a similar manner to common earthworms, i.e. splitting one SCP-906 specimen resulted in each half growing into separate organisms.

Despite this, SCP-906 specimens have been destroyed via means of incineration, freezing, and full body disintegration. Should the need to destroy SCP-906 ever arise, use of flamethrowers or liquid nitrogen is permitted. However, SCP-906 specimens will split themselves and  over the course of several hours should the larger mass be severely reduced. If SCP-906 is ever required to be terminated, all specimens must be eliminated to prevent SCP-906 reforming. In order to keep SCP-906 in a more controllable state, the enclosure it is housed in is to be kept at a temperature below five (5) degrees Celsius at all times as this is shown to reduce the movement, reaction time, reproduction abilities, and metabolism of SCP-906.

Addendum 906-05-01:  Testing of SCP-906 resulted in a Class D being targeted before a cow. A second test was then conducted in this manner wherein a pig, sheep, dog, and horse were all placed alongside a Class D. SCP-906 once again targeted the Class D first. Second targeted animal was the pig, followed by the sheep, the horse, and finally the dog.

Addendum 906-05-02:  During routine enclosure maintenance, SCP-906 reportedly  by the proceedings and has expressed a desire to be kept away from SCP-906 in future.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                vermian
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Mar 2020 13:41
            
            Edit
+94)
Tags
Discuss (60)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Game Design Novice
                      
              Learn to make video games.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            สถาบัน SCP
                      
              ควบคุม, กักกัน, ป้องกัน
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Health and Environment
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

