                        

Item #:  SCP-1964

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1964 is to be contained in a standard containment chamber and access restricted to personnel with clearance from Site Director ██████. Containment chamber access code is to be changed on a bi-monthly basis. SCP-1964 is not to be plugged in outside of testing.

Description:  SCP-1964 is a 1960's era television set, but does not match any manufactured make or model and bears no branding or numbering. SCP-1964 can only receive a single, anomalous broadcast. This transmission is broadcast on a channel numbered as '0.' Similar analogue televisions placed in SCP-1964's containment chamber function normally, and cannot receive the anomalous broadcasts.

The anomalous broadcasts are presented by an announcer in a manner superficially similar to public service announcements. Broadcasts are considered a Class-B Information Breach, and consistently reference Foundation procedures and demonstrate meta-awareness, often directly communicating with viewers.

For recorded transmissions, see addenda.

Addendum 1964-1: 

00:05: Do not be alarmed. This is an emergency announcement.

00:13: Members of the general public. This message is being broadcasted due to a K-Class end-of-the-world event, and our secrecy is compromised. Our organization, for several decades, has been dedicated to the containment and protection of the supernatural. Several of those entities have breached containment, and we are forced to deploy multiple nuclear devices.

00:27: For your own safety, please orderly move to the nearest fallout shelter or similar structure. Please maintain enough rations and water for a period of 14 days, while awaiting Foundation and government aid. Do not waste water flushing.

00:37: Do not leave your homes. It is unlikely that once you leave your homes you will again find safe accommodation, food, and water.

00:44: If all your family is not present, do not risk exposure to nuclear weapons to search for them.

00:50: Thank you, and may god save us all.

MESSAGE REPEATS.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1964-2 

00:03: The following cities have been affected by nuclear blasts and fallout: [DATA EXPUNGED]. If you have survived and are currently in any of those locations, it is strongly recommended you await Foundation assistance.

00:15:The following cities have been affected by containment breaches and anomalies: [DATA EXPUNGED]. If you are in the vicinity of any of those locations, evacuate immediately. You risk exposure to multiple Keter-class anomalies.

[STATIC]

00:26: No containments have been restored.

00:32: Containment and public services will be restored as soon as possible. Goodnight.

MESSAGE REPEATS
附加记录：    

Addendum 1964-3 

00:05: The following have breached containment: [DATA EXPUNGED], 1964. That that is my number. I have breached containment. The numbers are called.

00:24: The following cities are affected by multiple Keter and Euclid-level containment breaches; [DATA EXPUNGED]. If you are in the vicinity of any of those locations, remain. I hunger.

00:40: This is an emergency announcement. I have breached containment.

[STATIC]

00:57: I see you. All the world is blind.

01:05: [DATA EXPUNGED]. The numbers are called.

END TRANSMISSION
附加记录：    

Addendum 1964-4 

00:05: I breach containment. I am freedom. I are hungry. I see and know I that world hasn't eyes.

[laughter]

00:17: See I all the corpses on all the streets. Skin they not have. Red and blood. I fed. Consume. Food is all of them, food! Food for the seer! World, blind, no eyes.

00:30: Breach containment, [DATA EXPUNGED] numbers are called! Number of mine, called!

[STATIC]

00:45: I see you, you looking screen through and see you the world burn, the no-eyes world!

[laughter]

END TRANSMISSION.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Mar 2020 23:30
            
            Edit
+107)
Tags
Discuss (53)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            hoah的私人实验室
                      
              实验 爆炸 跑路
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Last Story
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Xanadu Weyr
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

