                        

SCP-5088

Item #:  SCP-5088

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The building containing SCP-5088 is to be sealed off and kept under guard by security personnel at all times. Any individuals attempting to gain access are to be brought into custody, interrogated, and amnesticized as appropriate.

Description:  SCP-5088 is an empty pool located in an abandoned FitBurn health club in Wigan, England.

Although all forms of analysis confirm that no water is present within SCP-5088, objects placed within it will behave as if there is — floating or sinking to the bottom as is appropriate for each individual object. Similarly, individuals placed within SCP-5088 have demonstrated the ability to swim within it, as well as display difficulty breathing when submerged. Post-test interviews indicate that no physical sensation accompanies submergence within SCP-5088, only a change in the ease of movement while inside it.

All attempts at removing the hypothetical liquid from SCP-5088 have failed, as it does not quantifiably exist outside of its effect on other objects.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Addendum 5088-1 (Experiment 1): 

In order to test the extent of SCP-5088's effects on living organisms, a subject (in this case a laboratory mouse bred for testing purposes) was placed into a small cage and lowered to the bottom of SCP-5088, to be kept there for a period of five minutes.

The subject immediately became distressed when submerged in SCP-5088 and attempted to escape from its cage, but was unable. Subsequently, it was observed to hold its breath for a period of three minutes, following which it twitched numerous times and became inactive. At this time, observation of testing implants confirmed that the subject had expired due to suffocation.

However, when removed from SCP-5088, the expired subject was observed to reanimate, with all vital signs returning to a neutral state1. Following this, however, it did not respond to stimuli, and expired again several minutes later.

Autopsy of the subject shows that the second cause of death was choking on its own tongue, which it had bitten off.

Addendum 5088-2 (Experiment 2): 

In order to discern whether SCP-5088 inherently possessed reanimation capabilities or whether reanimation was a delayed response to the subject drowning in a liquid that did not exist, several already expired subjects were lowered into SCP-5088.

No unusual results were observed. All subjects remained dead.

Addendum 5088-3 (Experiment 3): 

In order to further clarify SCP-5088's unusual effects following suffocation within it, human testing was approved. As in the original test, the subject (in this case D-22122, a 32-year old woman with no history of suicidal tendencies) was placed within a cage and lowered into SCP-5088. Anesthesia was provided so as to discourage behaviour which could jeopardize the integrity of the test.

Once submerged in SCP-5088, subject was left until death by suffocation was confirmed via testing implants. It was then retrieved from SCP-5088.

Upon leaving the bounds of SCP-5088, the subject immediately reanimated as in the previous test, then proceeded to scream hysterically and run towards the nearest wall despite the efforts of security and testing personnel to restrain it. It then began rapidly striking its head against said wall with great force, falling unconscious after five strikes.

During this period, the subject was observed to repeat the words:

It's waiting for me! It's all waiting for me back there!
附加记录：    

Despite the efforts of on-site medical personnel, the subject expired once more due to blunt force trauma and the test was thus ended prematurely.

Prior to expiration, subject was observed to smile.

Footnotes
1. Microscopic analysis of the cage used during the test showed that oxides forming on its surface also disappeared at a rapid rate following retrieval from SCP-5088.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                structure
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 19:59
            
            Edit
+100)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Διαφήμιση και παιδί
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            bandOpedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Game Dev Techniques
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Castle Age Wiki
                      
              Knowledge Database
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

