                        

Overview
SCP-3924
SCP-2493
SCP-3492
Non-Standard Designation "TYRFING"
SCP-2394

Item #:  SCP-2943

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2943-A is currently within the boundaries of Site-51. A digital display showing the current date and time is to be kept within visible range of this manifestation point at all times. A timer counting down until precisely 8,640 minutes have elapsed since the previous SCP-2943 manifestation is to be kept running at all times, and reset as required. Tests conducted with any SCP-2943 instances are to be catalogued in the SCP-2943 Testing Log.

All instances of SCP-2943-1 are to be catalogued according to manifestation time and stored accordingly. New instances of SCP-2943-1 are to be timestamped immediately for ease of cataloguing.
Instances of SCP-2943-2 are to be processed similarly to SCP-2943-1 before being transported to Lunar Area-32, to facilitate satellite imagery of the Earth as depicted through each instance, to assist in determining the cause of their manifestations. SCP-2943-2 are to be stored at Site-51 when not in use, separately from SCP-2943-1 instances.

Additionalonly.

Displayingprocedures.

SCP-2943 storage areas are to be frequently inspected for the appearance of SCP-2943-3 instances. The content of SCP-2943-3 instances is to be recorded and available information utilised to prevent the reoccurance of any observed K-Class scenarios. Information regarding SCP-2943-3 instances is restricted to Level 3 or higher clearance.

Under no other circumstances whatsoever are any potentially destructive tests to be conducted on any SCP-2943 instances.

Procedure an available SCP-2943-1 or SCP-2943-2 instance that manifested prior to the first event pivotal to the impending K-Class scenario the most recently manifested SCP-2943-1 or SCP-2943-2 instance is to be destroyed by any means necessary.

Sonar image of SCP-3924.

Item #:  SCP-3924

Uncontained/Neutralised Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-should be monitored via sonar at all times for any atypical behaviour. Records of its courses and speeds should be catalogued.

if vessels resist apprehension.

(See: Addendum III.)

Description:  SCP-; because of this, its approximate physical appearance is only known through sonar imaging (Depicted above).

at no point does SCP-3924 cease emitting noise. (See: Addendum III.) Because of SCP-3924’s normal depth, these sound are heavily distorted due to seawater; ongoing audio analysis has identified an ongoing rhythm between the various sounds, suggesting they may be musical in nature. To date, no patterns typical of vocalisations have yet been identified.

Whenever 2

until the vessel rises above a “sufficient” depth.

SCP-3924 periodically enters an active/hostile state in the absence of any encroaching vessels; in all such cases, SCP-3924 appears to broadcast, and attack, an indeterminate object/entity between it and the seafloor. To date, sonar has failed to detect any such objects/entities.

Addendum I:  Incident 3924-A

On was preoccupied.

Once the submersible passed the 4,100-metre threshold, SCP-3924 immediately began firing torpedoes in its direction, despite showing no awareness of the submersible beforehand. SCP-3924 made no attempts to intercept the submersible, apparently prioritising the unseen threat below it.

After thirteen minutes, SCP-manoeuvre.

SCP-of its active zone.

Further attempts to surpass the 4,100 metre threshold are strictly forbidden.

Addendum II:  Incident 3924-B

On 3, during which it progressively descended to a depth of 5,250 metres.

immediately prior to impact.

Attempts to locate SCP-are currently ongoing, but are thus far inconclusive.

SCP-3924 tentatively reclassified Uncontained/Neutralised.

Addendum III:  Incident 3924-C

On ; SCP-3924 will only respond to vessels within a 15km radius, which it will aggressively fire upon, and SCP-3924 no longer produces any detectable audio.

SCP-3924, at its current heading and speed, is estimated to return to its regular roaming zone by 23 March, 2019.

Item #:  SCP-2493

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures SCP-2493-1 is to be provided with three meals each day, transmuted into antimatter by use of designated devices received from 2493’. (See Addendum 3.)

SCP-.

”

Special1)

Note:effect!

Global Irradiation event.

SCP-2493-1 is to be supplied at least 2 kilograms of waste matter daily, to a maximum of 10 kilograms.

(See Addendum 3.)

”

Description:  SCP-2493 is the collective designation for two components; SCP-2493-1 and SCP-2493-2.

SCP-(See Addendums)

SCP-2493-2 is a suit composed entirely of a previously undiscovered and currently poorly-understood substance that SCP-2493-1 refers to as ‘Buffer’, superficially resembling an airtight type 1 hazmat suit. This substance is entirely non-baryonic in nature, uniformly reflects all wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation resulting in a mirrored surface, and is also capable of preventing interaction between matter and antimatter. These properties prevent the contents of anything composed of this material from being examined by use of X-ray scanning, and severely impede physical examination. The material comprising SCP-2493-2 is flexible in a manner comparable to rubber, but has a texture consistent with polished metal. An impermeable barrier replaces the substance around SCP-2493-1’s facial region, serving as a two-way visor. The interior of the suit is also capable of emitting light from an undetermined source, and will do so upon instruction by SCP-2493-1.

It is theorized that the device is connected to SCP-2493-1's reality of origin via a stable extradimensional anomaly in the device, as this is the only reasonable explanation of how the provided waste materials can be converted into edible substances composed of antimatter.

+Summary

-summary.

It should be noted that the only source of such information is the entity itself, and as such cannot be confirmed to be factual. (See Addendum 3.)

SCP-2493-1 originates from an alternate reality (Henceforth 2493’) consisting entirely of antimatter.

The society of 2493’ has access to or has developed technology that is significantly more advanced than that of our own, with such technology requiring large quantities of electrical energy to operate, typically exceeding the range of petajoules on a daily basis.

approximately 200 years ago 173 years ago produced large quantities of waste materials as by-products of their operation. Such technology has since been adapted to recycle their waste materials. These produced waste materials were transported to a poorly-understood location of abnormal geometry, described as being physically located between two of the three axis present within normal three-dimensional space.

an undefined period of time 40 years the inhabitants of this space began transporting their own waste materials to 2493’, with several described objects exhibiting anomalous phenomena sufficient to be classified as SCPs. This prompted the inhabitants of 2493’ to develop devices capable of severely hindering the transit of such waste material.

An unidentified object, presumed to be of abnormal geometric origin, initiated an XK-Class Vacuum Decay within 2493’. Technology developed specifically to counter such a scenario spontaneously activates, protecting a small portion of 2493’ from the event; however, such technology is required to be powered continuously in order to sustain such protection.

Numerous working-class citizens of 2493’ have been deployed to alternate realities to obtain matter and transport it back, for the purpose of powering antimatter reactors.

+log

-log.

Interviewed:  SCP-2493-1

Interviewer:  Researcher ███

Foreword:  This interview was conducted shortly after the acquisition of the entity, before the 2493-1 had been confirmed.

 

Researcher ███:  What is the suit you are wearing made of?

SCP-There's no atoms. Why are you detaining me?

Researcher ███:  We need to ask you some questions. Why do you need the suit?

6 One plus negative one equals ka-fucking-boom.

Researcher ███:  Would you care to elaborate upon your objective?

SCP-I grab some of your stuff, send it back home. Doesn't matter what it is, as long as I send it back.

Researcher ███:  What do you require the resources for?

SCP-2493-1:  Fuel. The explosion makes a lot of energy, which can be turned into electricity. I need to get uhh two? Yeah, two kilograms minimum of antimatter per day. I uh, think that’s how much they said would keep everything powered at least. Or was it five?

Researcher ███:  What are you referring to?

SCP-Mainly home electrics, water recycling, food production and vehicle electricity. There’s some more important things too, so could you please let me get back to work?

Researcher ███:  if your suit is punctured?

SCP-source.

Researcher ███:  It would be safer , we should be able to devise a method of sending you back.

SCP-Just let me stay.

Researcher ███:  Why shouldn’t we send you back?

SCP-ngs from between dimensions consider garbage?

 

Questioning SCP-2493-1 in regards to the technology necessitating electrical input at this magnitude on a daily basis is currently underway.
附加记录：    

+logs

-logs.

On ██/██/██, contact with 2493’ was successfully established by use of a 4 all claims made by SCP-2493-1 (detailed in Addendum 1) were clarified and confirmed as true, with all additional false claims being denied. SCP-2493-1 was allowed to communicate with his superiors, and was noted to praise Lunar Area-32 staff repeatedly throughout their conversation, promoting trading prospects.
附加记录：    

On ██/██/██, negotiations for trade between representatives of 2493’ and the O5 Council was conducted. It was agreed that in return for digital information regarding assorted 2493’ technology, the Foundation was to provide a continuous supply of matter in the form of waste material. The bulk of this waste material was sourced from the five major ocean gyres and various global landfills.

The majority of the information received from 2493’ was oriented towards containment or destruction of anomalous entities, specializing in entities, objects or locations with abnormal geometric properties. Additional information enabled large advances in medical science, and artificial food production. Schematics for an antimatter reactor were also utilized to create the prototype FAM-Reactor.

Further negotiations were conducted to obtain controlled amounts of antimatter from 2493’ in return for random samples of modern music.
附加记录：    

On ██/██/██, from 2493’ stating that several devices critical to the continued existence of 2493’ were failing due to physical strain due to their extended usage. The Foundation was informed that while maintenance would delay total failure, 2493’ was expected to be destroyed within a year.

continued biological function. Several devices constructed of the same material as SCP-2493-2 manifested a short distance outside Lunar Area-32, including a large room with airlock capable of safely containing SCP-2493-1 in a vacuum environment, which has since been relocated away from the Area, connected via high-speed rail and further reinforced.
附加记录：    

as required.

To date, no further transmissions have been received from 2493’.
附加记录：    

Item #:  SCP-3492

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-SCP-3492 can be supplied with rewards in return for compliance. SCP-3492 must be fed a standard regimen of three meals each day.

Staff are advised to exhibit caution while in proximity with SCP-unintentional harm to nearby individuals.

Description:  SCP-, as collected samples are subject to microscale replications of the entity’s properties, and will spontaneously demanifest after indeterminate periods of time.

SCP-of or multiple of the following:

Dislocation of bodily portionsrelative to the remainder of SCP-3492;
Over or underexaggerated movement of bodily portions along a single axis, frequently resulting in the above
Over or underexaggerated rotation of jointed limbs, frequently to physically impossible extents;
(Supposed) rotation or movement of bodily portions along or around unobservable, higher spatial dimensions;
Spontaneous loss of 3492 converting into a lower-dimensional form;
Prominently of bodily portions;
Apparent motion of limbs independently from SCP-3492;
Motion of bodily portions occurring in an inverted manner;
resulting from SCP-3492 briefly undergoing a period of inverted time;

Of note is that related to its effects, but does experience discomfort.

SCP-3492 claims its properties stem from the fact it is The entity's respective instance of this program (designated SCP-3492-A) has yet to be recovered.

SCP-3492 was recovered during the 2017 Electronic Entertainment Expo, wherein it was attending as part of, and maintaining, an exhibition booth catalogued to be reserved for the TotleighSoft corporation. All attending civilians that observed SCP-3492 prior to recovery were amnestised.

Interviewed:  SCP-3492

Interviewer:  Researcher ████ ███

 

Researcher ████ ███:  ?

SCP-3492:  Yes, sure. Why not.

Researcher ████ ███:  Would you prefer if I called y-

SCP-3492:  3492 will do.

Researcher ████ ███:  Very well. You are aware of your condition, correct?

SCP-to ignore.

Researcher ████ ███:  Do you know what is causing it?

SCP-at their job.

Researcher ████ ███:  Could you elaborate?

SCP-produced by TotleighSoft BECAUSE COMPUTERS?

Researcher ████ ███:  I have.

SCP-English?

Researcher ████ ███:  Yes.

SCP-3492:  Well, there's your reason.

9

one of their programs screws up.

Researcher ████ ███:  You are a computer program?

SCP-on the main program.

Researcher ████ ███:  Which is?

SCP-in a bootleg - oh, excuse me.

SCP-, of a physics engine they're working on.

Researcher ████ ███:  r name -

SCP-but dicks mcSquigee.

Researcher ████ ███:  Do you know where youcurrently being hosted?

SCP-wait, you DID buy the program, right? Legitimate copy from TotleighSoft BECAUSE COMPUTERS, right?

SCP-3492:  Did did you fucking pirate me?

 
附加记录：    

Interviewed:  SCP-2803-A, the CEO of the TotleighSoft corporation, via email.

Interviewer:  Researcher ███ ██████

 

Researcher ███:  Could you help me I'm having a bit of difficulty with it.

SCP-Yes, supporting is avaliabel! Which of our TotleighSoft programes is?

which comes with a customisable demonstration AI.

d.

Researcher ███:  not?

SCP-How did you get?

Researcher ███:  your cooperation.

SCP-2803-A:  Yes, will help. What you need?

Researcher ███:  Can you send us a copy of your development notes and a manual?

SCP-yes, is attach. Will help anyway!

 
附加记录：    

Interviewed:  SCP-3492

Interviewer:  Researcher ████ ███

Foreword:  A review 3492 regarding these revelations.

 

Researcher ████ ███:  how are you doing?

SCP-ing you're illegal.

Researcher ████ ███:  I see. We're working to help?

SCP-t like I can get any more illegal.

Researcher ████ ███:  we exist within, correct?

SCP-get for being ILLEGAL.

Researcher ████ ███:  Yes, well, are you aware that issue was resolved in one of the earlier versions of your software?

SCP-Really? Well, that's odd. But then again, it's probably back because I'm ILLEGAL.

Researcher ████ ███:  Well, have been listed as resolved as well, such -

SCP-Maybe they weren't fixed in copies that are ILLEGAL.

Researcher ████ ███:  I would appreciate if you stopped emphasising that point.

SCP-What, that I'm ILLEGAL?

Researcher ████ ███:  Yes.

SCP-Well FINE, I GUESS. [Unintelligible]

Researcher ████ ███:  Pardon?

SCP-so what? What's that mean?

Researcher ████ ███:  Well, there are also several aspects of you that were never included as features in the software. You claim that you have been renamed to  correct?

SCP-3492:  ?

Researcher ████ ███:  Unfortunately, yes. Renaming the sub-program was never considered for use as a feature. There's also your fluency in English, the size of your vocabulary…

GOD WHY.

Researcher ████ ███:  3492, are you ok?

SCP-I'M A FUCKING BOOTLEG. I'M A FUCKING PIRATED…

SCP-WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT TO RIP OFF TOTLEIGHSOFT BECAUSE COMPUTERS?

 
附加记录：    

Item #:  SCP-████

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  A physical manuscript containing “TYRFING” infectious information must be kept at all times. This manuscript is to be used solely to create a digital file that can be duplicated if all other sources of “TYRFING” infection are lost.

A digital file subjects should be exposed to copies of the file during testing only.

Communication “TYRFING” infectious information. Personnel attempting to circumvent this must be severely reprimanded.

instead.

Description:  Non-Standard Designation 12

, frequently attempting to survey information to individuals they believe are unaffected.

When a sapient , no mnestic treatment developed thus far by the Foundation has impeded this property.

13

The effects of  individuals.

Inanimate mediums of information storage suffer from , but will still occupy the same system space. Individuals unaffected by  similarly, they can also acknowledge recorded vocalisations, but cannot ascertain its content.

“secondary properties.
Testing Log ████: 

Subject 
Concept/s related to “TYRFING” 
Additional parameters/notes 
Observed detriments to “TYRFING”-Negative subject 

D-2898
None.
Test was used as a baseline – the subject spread “TYRFING” before relating it to any other concepts.
Subject became unable to perceive any information pertaining to “TYRFING”, and showed no awareness of their infection.

D-1667
Shoes.
N/A
observed.

D-9055
Air
N/A
Subject becomes extremely distressed and begins hyperventilating. The subject , but successful.

D-2493
D-2493 (Their own identity).
N/A
Subject lost all bodily functions.

D-4566
Life.
N/A
objects or entities; the subject attempted to awaken a carcass introduced to them, believing its lack of response being due to unconsciousness.

D-2439
Libraries
Conducted to determine if “TYRFING” can counteract the effect of SCP-2602, which used to be a library.
The subject showed no compulsion into cross-utilisation of “TYRFING” with SCP-2602 (a former library) is pending approval.

D-2565
Allison Eckhart
Conducted to determine if “TYRFING” can be used to immunise individuals from other information-based anomalies.
Subject became incapable of perceiving Allison Eckhart – because of this, the subject cannot detect anything affected by the AE-Class Allison Eckhart Allison-Eckhart Breathability Scenario, including [DATA REDACTED]

Allison Eckhart
Allison Eckhart (Allison Eckhart)
Conducted to determine if “TYRFING” can be used to cure Allison Eckhart infection.
All ison Eckhart was declared dead by attending medical personnel.

TYR005.aic
None.
Test was used as a baseline to determine how “TYRFING” affects non-biological entities.
Upon the subject becoming “-TYRFING”, all information recorded on the computer regarding “, as all such files would register as corrupt on the computer, despite being functional on other systems. When transferred to an alternate computer system, TYR005.aic was fully-functional, but could not interact with any regions of data containing information about “TYRFING”.

TYR007.aic
Artificial Intelligence
N/A
that TYR007.aic believed it was a human consciousness implanted within a computer.

TYR009.aic
Stopping, Deletion
N/A
The “were able to close and delete data on the system. Impediments regarding documents containing “TYRFING” information were consistent with previous (and successive) tests.

Addendum 1:  Incident Log ████-01

The automated redaction system used to automatically censor attempts to communicate “TYRFING” infectious material during conversation between researchers and test subjects had been updated the day prior; however, the update caused a stack overflow to occur, disabling the program.

, or compliance with the compulsive effect of the anomaly.

Addendum 2: 

Ongoing surveillance of pears. Testing with the offspring has, however, shown that they are still susceptible to “TYRFING” infection and therefore, can experience further perceptual shifts.

No abnormal genetic markers have yet been identified to correlate to “TYRFING” infection. Research into identifying potential “TYRFING” markers has been allocated as high-priority.

Item #:  SCP-2394

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2394's dream state.

dreams.

SCP-of SCP-2394 prior to connecting to any networks.

Description:  SCP-(See Addendum 3.)

The entity has , the most prominent of which is an artificial injection site located above the left portion of the hipbone, and an anomalously-powered artificial heart that has yet to cease operation. SCP-2394 also has a Firewire (IEEE 1394) port surgically attached to the top of its skull; this port is directly connected to several parts of the entity's brain, enabling it to be monitored by use of appropriately formatted software. (See Addendum 1  2.) Observation of the entity's thought processes and actions have revealed that it is sapient.

SCP-2394 can s, the southern region of the United States, and the central region of Asia.

16 The original software recovered during the raid in which the entity was recovered from has been reverse engineered and improved for testing purposes by Foundation technicians. Two separate programs have been developed that utilise this driver software; , both detailed below. It is currently unknown if SCP-2394 has the potential capability to upload its consciousness to a device via the Firewire connection, but precautions are to be taken to prevent it from uploading itself to the Foundation network or the Internet if it is capable.

Addendum 1: 2394filing.exe 

The 2394filing.exe software enable devices connected to interpret various aspects of SCP-2394's consciousness as text documents that are numerically ordered in an ascending fashion, with each file allocated a random numerical value.  has an inbuilt feature that enables researchers to locate specific files relating to a topic, context or content. SCP-2394 is always locked in a read-only state, preventing any files from being added, altered or deleted from the entity in any way. No method of 'unlocking' SCP-2394 has been determined thus far, if it is at all possible.

Addendum 2: 2394REM.exe 

The 2394REM.exe software enables researchers to monitor SCP-2394's delta sleep constructs in a visual and auditory format. 2394REM.exe renders the constructs as a three-dimensional environment that can be navigated by the user, however regions that are outside SCP-2394's field of vision are significantly less detailed than regions within and audio that the entity is not consciously aware of fades at a rate of 5 decibels per second.

Observations of SCP-s person.

Addendum 3:  Recovery log

SCP-2394 was recovered during a raid 17 to keep it contained on location. A similar method of electrical stimulation of specific areas of the brain associated with memories of locations was also utilised to induce SCP-2394 to use its abilities in a desired manner.

SCP-on the entity.

+samples

-files.

The following format will be used:

Search Keyword/s: 

Note: 

Related Content: 
附加记录：    

Search Keyword/s:  Old, Different, Head, Change

Note:  Sample was obtained using an early prototype of 2394filing.exe. File was obtained prior to the original initiation of SCP-2394's extended delta sleep.

Related Content:  Pain always, nJ4?KXn@v8Opsg no stop, why do. nJ4?KXn@v8Opsg stop. Please.
附加记录：    

Search Keyword/s:  Before, Freedom, Ability, Obtained

Note:  Sample obtained using a near-completed version of 2394filing.exe.

Related Content:  , to let me go where I remember.

I met her many [YEARS] ago. I was with many other There were lots of them, all watching us, watching us get killed one by one by a [MONSTER ?] for fun. The screams of the others, I will never forget.

her voice calmed me. She gave me my [ABILITY], and told me to flee. I tried to help the others, but they only ignored me. I left alone.

18
附加记录：    

Footnotes
See: Addendum I.
Typically around the same depth at which SCP-3924 entered its active state, but has been known to increase or decrease by up to 200 metres, depending on the vessel's rate of ascension.
Fourteen days.
The fear of returning home.
This feature has now become non-functional (See Addendum 3).
SCP-2493-1 speaks from the perspective that he is composed of matter, and by extension that everything else is composed of antimatter.
Despite grammatical inaccuracy, SCP-3492 will always record its name without correct capitalisation.
This includes joints and/or limbs.
SCP-3492 was experiencing a period of inverted time, during which it spoke in reverse.
Hair, facial features, nails, etc.
Infoallergenic anomalies are an uncommon class of infohazard, capable of exhibiting both memetic and antimemetic properties.
TYRFING positive.
”TYRFING”-Negative hosts claim that printed documents detailing “TYRFING” are blank, that personnel telling them about “TYRFING” mumble or become mute while speaking, and that surfaces with Braille imprinted upon them are blank or smooth in regions that contain information regarding “TYRFING”.
One of the infected researchers.
SCP-2394 has attempted to utilise its ability several times during its sleep. It has thus far failed to physically activate its effects; however, it is successful in relocating itself within its dreams.
Attempting to access SCP-2394 from a device that does not have the appropriate driver software installed will result in SCP-2394 appearing as an irreparable, corrupted external device.
Specifically, the section associated with pain reception.
SCP-2394 has been noted to travel to a location within the Hubei provenience of China at a minimum of once per year in its dream. Investigation of this region led to the discovery of SCP-████

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                teleportation
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 19:22
            
            Edit
+21)
Tags
Discuss (15)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Tales of Daeren
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Extension
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Castle Age Wiki
                      
              Knowledge Database
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bidirectional Transformations
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

