                        

Item #:  SCP-4481

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4481 is currently stored in a containment hanger at Site-29, where it is undergoing study and restoration. Artifacts recovered from SCP-4481 are stored in Site-29's containment facilities as appropriate.

The remains of SCP-4481-A are currently in cold storage at Site-29. These remains are to be inspected once yearly until such a time that the Foundation deems them not worthy of further study.

Description:  SCP-4481 refers to a piece of extra-universal wreckage which was discovered off of the coast of Florida in February of 1986. SCP-4481 consists of a craft superficially resembling a NASA space shuttle, including the cockpit, one surviving engine, and the dorsal side of the fuselage; a large part of the ventral side is missing, apparently sheared away in a circular pattern at the molecular level.

SCP-4481 differs from a NASA shuttle in that it has solid black coloration, a much larger cockpit, and the image of the American Flag on the right tailfin bears only forty-one stars.

SCP-4481 contains several items of note, including:

Packets of dehydrated banana slices that appear to have been made using the largely-extinct Gros Michel cultivar.1
A rhesus macaque, fused to the inside of its cage; speculated to have been a test animal.
Several puppets resembling characters from the American children's program Sesame Street; most are too waterlogged and damaged to identify, but some characters, such as Kermit the Frog, are recognizable.
What appears to be part of a passport for a citizen of the Soviet Union, dated 1985, name illegible.

SCP-4481-A was the sole surviving crew member aboard SCP-4481. SCP-4481-A is a costume resembling the character of  from Sesame Street, albeit with several discrepancies.

The feathers on the costume are white and blue as opposed to solid yellow.
The eyes of the costume are heterochromatic, and contain small cameras of unknown use. Prior to 1987, the cameras continuously broadcast a signal that was picked up in Boston, MA.
The head of the costume contains advanced motors and hydraulics that are out-of-place for 1986.
The costume is styled to be wearing a suit similar in appearance to a contemporary NASA EVA suit. Emblems present on the suit claim to be part of the .

SCP-4481-A was found in the flooded cockpit of SCP-4481, attempting to drown itself. When SCP-4481-A was alive, it was capable of muffled vocalization, most of which were pleas for death; interviews conducted during this time provided no gainful information. SCP-4481-A successfully drowned itself before it could be recovered.

An autopsy conducted on SCP-4481-A produced the following findings:

No solid muscular or skeletal structures were present. Several pieces of soft tissue, believed to be organs, were found in a soup of fluidat the lowest point of the thoracic cavity.
What is believed to have once been the skull of the individual inside SCP-4481-A was found to have integrated itself into the heart. Cranial and cardiac matter intersected in this manner would have caused severe pain to the subject while they were alive.
One .475 bullet, origin unclear. Powder burn found on exterior of costume indicates a recent injury at time of recovery, but no firearm has been discovered near SCP-4481's location of recovery in the intervening years.
A ziplock bag containing a crayon drawing on 5x8 writing paper, depicting SCP-4481-A alongside several figures that resemble characters on Sesame Street. SCP-4481-A is dressed in an astronaut's uniform. The drawing is signed .

Six other suits belonging to the crew of SCP-4481 were found in the cockpit alongside SCP-4481-A. These all contained a soup of tissue and organs similar to what was found inside SCP-4481-A. In addition, there is evidence of human tissue being integrated into the structure of these suits; whether or not the crew survived this process in a manner similar to SCP-4481-A is unclear.

Footnotes
1. Largely rendered extinct due to a fungal blight in the 1950s. The most commonly available variety of banana in the baseline is of the Cavendish cultivar.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 21:05
            
            Edit
+141)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Eitrigg Crafters
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Psychology (PSYC 101)
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

