                        

SCP-5264.

Item #:  SCP-5264

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5264 are to be contained in an air-tight plastic bag and stored in the fridge located in Lab 3, and may only be removed for testing.

Any phone calls made to personnel claiming to be or acquaintanced with 'Chef Lorance' are to be dismissed and traced immediately. Chef Lorance has yet to be contained.

Description:  SCP-5264 are a group of swelling brussels sprouts, containing large pockets of air and various spices1, bursting when placed in water or held over heat. The produce does not seem to rot while contained but deflates when exposed to oxygen or stomach acid, secreting the spices. SCP-5264 has appeared in multiple television advertisements by 'Lory's Kitchen' showing various meals using the product 'Splodin' Sprouts', and have been sought after by a man named Chef Foyer Lorance while SCP-5264 are in containment.

Addendum 64.1 - Discovery 

SCP-5264 were discovered in advertisements featuring 'Lory's Kitchen' and from various positive reviews about the restaurant located in Cannes, France. The entity named 'Chef Lorance' prepared meals in front of guests at an alarmingly fast pace, which guests described as 'not physically possible' and 'crazy as hell'. Chef Lorance reportedly only worked with two other employees, whose identities are unknown. The restaurant was investigated after reviews on social media reported sudden health and safety violations including stomachaches, diarrhoea, and burns when residual brussels sprouts hit guests in the face. Chef Lorance had commented that 'what was happening was new' and 'someone must have messed with my food'.

A note was found on top of the pile of SCP-5264 at the time of discovery in Lory's Kitchen.

This is for Lorance, you musty baboon,

I've been a loyal friend and employee to this restaurant for God knows how long and frankly I'm sick and tired of it. 'What're we making today Lancy?' 'Sprouts'. 'What's todays special?' 'You're not gonna believe it!' I am so, so tired and even if it's a better pay than most jobs, money isn't cutting the deal here. It's your attitude. You're obsessed with them. Completely head-over-heels for a little green condensed cabbage of GARBAGE. I've long since gotten used to the smell but the thing is, I'm worried, actually.

I'm calling to this guy I know, some investigator, about the sprouts because they are pretty peculiar, yes, and I wonder how you grow them, but mostly because I want you to get away from them. You need distance from those brussels, Foyer, they're bad for you. You spend all your time cooking them with no regard for your own health! Anything is bad in moderation.

Oh, and also I'm opening a pizza chain down the street and I don't want competition.

~Toodles!
附加记录：    

Addendum 64.2 - Advertisements 

Recordings of advertisements show Chef Lorance making meals using 'Splodin' Sprouts and various other vegetables:

[Singing] ~Lory's Kitchen, the secret recipe,

Watch how they bubble, watch how they gleam!

Exploding brussels, and delicious cream!

Order now and you'll see what I mean!~

Come to Lory's Kitchen to see the new way to cook vegetables! Try our new Spicy Chicken and our new 'Splodin' Sprouts today!
附加记录：    

It's Chef Lory! Hooray!

Hey, friends! Check this out!

[The advertisement shows Chef Lorance throwing SCP-5264 in the air, bursting them, and letting them fall onto a plate of roasted ham and mashed potatoes]

附加记录：    

The advertisements were discontinued before the closure of Lory's Kitchen on 05/06/2006.

Addendum 65.3 

Multiple researchers have claimed to be receiving phone calls on their personal devices from an unknown number, tracing back to payphones located in Cannes, France.

附加记录：    

附加记录：    

附加记录：    

附加记录：    

附加记录：    

yea! You know, I bet we could cook something right now. I mean me. You!

[There is audible crashes and the sound of coins dropping]

Ah my change! Get back here I gotta keep talkin' to Wi- oof! Me noggin! Ah, fuck! My drink! 
附加记录：    

Addendum 65.4 

On 23/04/2010, SCP-5264 began to decompose after 4 years without any sign of past decomposition. The sprouts appear to have deflated entirely and shrunken in size. Further tests proved that the group of SCP-5264 did not explode anymore.

After being presumed missing since 17/09/2006, the body of Chef Foyer Lorance washed up on the shores of Plage du Midi, Cannes on the 20/04/2010.

Footnotes
1. Saffron, Pepper, Rosemary, Sea Salt, Paprika

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            07 Aug 2020 03:23
            
            Edit
+22)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Algadon
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            iRacing.com Wiki
                      
              Your one-stop-shop for all iRacing setup help and knowledge.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

