                        

Item #:  SCP-2243

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2243 is to be kept in a 33x50x63.

The enclosure is to be cleaned and maintained bi-weekly by level 2 personnel. The enclosure may be changed and additional features added at the request of SCP-2243-A or SCP-2243-B with Site Director approval.

SCP-2243 shall be made available for translator services with Site Director approval.

Description:  Separately SCP-2243-A, SCP-2243-B, SCP-2243-C behave as one would expect objects and creatures they resemble to behave. When placed within 1.9m of each other SCP-2243 becomes active.

SCP-2243 is a collection of three entities, SCP-2243-A, SCP-2243-B, and SCP-2243-C. SCP-2243-A refers to itself as 1. SCP-2243-C does not display any cognitive awareness or sentience as of this writing.

Mobile Task Force Operative █████ ██████ (henceforth referred to as MTFO) purchased both SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B at the pet supply chain ████████. Both appear to be female Lonchura striata domestica, more commonly known as Society Finches. MTFO purchased SCP-2243-C approximately one month later. SCP-2243-C is approximately 11.4cm, comprised of rope, rubber, and plastic and appears as a common bird toy sold to the general public. MTFO brought SCP-2243 to the Foundation once the anomalous properties were detected.

While active, any subject within a 4.02m radius of SCP-2243 will hear SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B speaking in the language that the subject is most fluent in, instead of the normal sounds produced by Lonchua striata domestica. The subject is able to converse with SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B with no observable long-term effects. Any persons outside of a 4.02m radius will perceive SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B as sounding like normal Lonchua striata domestica. Any persons outside of a 4.02m radius from SCP-2243 will also perceive the subject as imitating  noises instead of normal human speech.

While writing within the effect radius, subject will believe themselves to be writing normally; however, upon leaving the radius, the words appear as variations of . This effect happens regardless if typed or written by hand.

+Check

-Granted

Researcher █████:  Peep peep chirp

Dr. ██████:  OK

Researcher █████:  chirp chirp

Dr. ██████:  I don't get the joke

Researcher █████:  chirp peep chirp chirp chirp peep peep chirp

Dr. ██████:  Just give me a call when you're done goofing around.

 
附加记录：    

When viewed or listened to remotely, persons still perceive the subject, SCP-2243-A, and SCP-2243-B as emitting standard bird sounds. When viewed remotely, it can be seen that the subject does indeed write variations of , the impression the subject has that he or she is writing normally is apparently only applicable to those within the effect radius.

It seems the subject will perceive all speech made within the effect radius in his or her most fluent language, making SCP-2243 a useful translator for verbal communication if the participants are in the effect area together.

+Check

-Granted

Interviewed:  SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B

Interviewer:  MTFOCP with transcription from Dr. █████ and Dr. █████

Foreword:  Due to SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B's familiarity with MTFO it was determined MTFO conduct the initial interview while Dr. █████ and Dr. █████ are present.

 

Peep:  chirp chirp

peep-peep-chirp:  peep chirp peep

peep-peep-peep:  peep chirp peep peep chirp chirp peep

peep:  chirp chirp chirp

peep-peep-peep:  chirp peep chirp

peep:  peep peep chirp peep chirp chirp chirp peep

peep-peep-chirp:  peep peep peep

peep:  peep chirp chirp chirp peep peep chirp peep chirp peep peep peep chirp peep chirp chirp chirp peep

peep-peep-chirp:  chirp chirp peep peep

peep-peep-peep:  chirp chirp chirp peep peep chirp peep peep chirp peep peep

 

peep peep:  peep-peep-chirp peep-peep-peep peep peep peep peep chirp peep chirp █████ peep ██████ chirp chirp peep

  All future observations and transcriptions are to be made remotely. This is completely unacceptable. -Dr. █████
附加记录：    

SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B seem to have the intelligence and understanding of a human toddler approximately 2-3 years of age. SCP-2243-A and SCP-2243-B acknowledge both are  than subjects, but possess no knowledge beyond what a normal Lonchua striata domestica raised for commercial purposes would be expected to know. The grammar and sentence structure reflects that understanding regardless of language the subject hears.

SCP-2243 is explained as a type of parrot hybrid to anyone in the vicinity and is therefore not deemed a security threat.

+A

-Granted

Test A - ██/██/████ 

Subject:  Dr. █████ and Dr. █████

Procedure:  From within the effect area Dr. █████ will say . Results will be recorded once outside the effect area.

Results:  Both Dr. █████ and Dr. █████ stated the conversation as being heard in the English translation of:  in various patterns.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. MTFO states SCP-2243-B is named 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Dec 2020 05:45
            
            Edit
+69)
Tags
Discuss (46)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            CloudTW
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chavez Brain Trust
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sygnus Figment Registry
                      
              Where Writers Share Their Characters  Worlds
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

