                        

Item #:  SCP-2705

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2705’s position is tracked by triangulation, using a network of gravimetric sensors in installations throughout North America and the North Pacific Ocean. The Foundation is to coordinate with local and international emergency management bodies to organise aid in the event that the object shows signs of initiating a 2705-α event. In the case of a 2705-β event, embedded Foundation assets are to obfuscate and/or confiscate all resulting seismographic data recorded by civilian institutions.

Efforts to further probe the nature and capabilities of SCP-2705 are ongoing, but due to the difficulty of interacting with it in any way, progress is limited mainly to analysing the data from 2705-β events.

Description:  SCP-2705 is an anomalous mass located within the Earth’s upper mantle. Its existence, position and properties can be inferred by measuring the defect in the Earth’s gravitational field caused by its irregular density profile. It is comprised of a dense and roughly tetrahedral shell, with an evacuated or nearly massless interior and an ultra-dense point mass at its extreme inwards-pointing tip. The object's volume is ████ km3 and its average density 3950kg/m3, making it neutrally buoyant at the depth it normally resides.

SCP-2705 is capable of autonomous movement within the Earth’s interior. Since first being detected on ██/██/1978, SCP-2705 has moved in an erratic path beneath the North Pacific region at speeds of up to ██cm/s, at depths in the range of 200-550km (excluding 2705-α and 2705-β events).

At irregular intervals,1 SCP-2705 will change its regular behaviour and rapidly rise towards the Earth’s surface at speeds of up to █m/s, slowing as it reaches the bottom of the oceanic crust. At this point it will initiate either a 2705-α or 2705-β event.

In a 2705-α event, the object will vibrate at a high frequency for up to 5 minutes before returning to its usual depth. 2705-α events have induced volcanic or tectonic activity in ██% of observed cases.

In a 2705-β event, the object will vibrate with variable frequency for up to 5 hours before retreating. Analysis of seismographic data from 2705-β events indicates that the pulses contain ordered data. Foundation cryptography assets have indicated that these transmissions may represent as many as 6 unique languages out of all ██ recorded instances, but attempts to decrypt them have been unsuccessful with the exception of event 2705-β-52.

Event 2705-β-52 

At 15:57 on 1/1/2013, gravimetric advance warning devices indicated that SCP-2705 had begun to rise through the mantle. The object initiated a 2705-β event consisting of 50 pulses of approximately 8 second duration each, spread over 53 minutes. The resulting binary transmission is believed to be intended for processing as a 2D image.

+image

-image

Pictorial representation of data transmitted during Event 2705-β-52.

Addendum 1 

On █/█/2027, Foundation scientific assets stationed on Mare Imbrium detected an anomalous dense mass within the Moon's interior. Subsequent studies via. gravimetric and tomographic sensors mapped an incomplete tetrahedral mass embedded 5km deep in the Lunar crust.3

Footnotes
1. Longest measured interval: 14 years 24 days; shortest measured interval: 2 years 170 days
2. █o ██' ██'' S,██o ██' █'' E.
3. ~4.5 billion years ago [formation] - 3.8 billion years ago

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  embedded.png

Author:  Jeice

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Aug 2020 18:51
            
            Edit
+89)
Tags
Discuss (15)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Retro Legends
                      
              The Definitive Database for Retro Gamers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Last Story
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            La Wiki de ManagerZone México
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Procedural Content Generation Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

