                        

The page was marked for deletion; however, because certain pages on the site depend on knowledge of this article—usually tales or supplements—it has been retained. The following articles/stories make reference to this page:

SCP-035

For more information on Archived SCPs, please check out the Archived Pages hub.
附加记录：    

Item #:  SCP-517

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-517's containment is fairly straightforward. It will be content in a plain rectangular chamber, so long as chamber is at least 25m x 25m x 10m. Walls, ceiling, and floor are to be reinforced with steel plate at least 14kg fresh meat daily. It is not affected by dehydration, hypoxia, temperature extremes, insomnia, electrical current, or any known toxin or biological agent. It can be subdued only by massive cranial trauma or blood loss, and then only temporarily. It is strongly advised that all dealings with SCP-517 be automated so as to avoid further casualties, which have been considerable to date. Under no circumstances are personnel to enter the container, with the exception of D-level personnel.

Description:  SCP-517 is a large, carnivorous, bipedal animal of indeterminate origin, roughly 4.5kg. Its appearance is a hybrid of several mammalian species. The creature has four long, apelike arms, one pair behind the other. All digits have retractable claws some 8cm in length. The legs appear mostly ursine. The creature has a long muscular tail, which is generally used for balance while walking. The head is vaguely feline, with powerful jaws and large, forward-set eyes, although it also sports two gazelle-like horns. The creature's entire body is covered in sleek black fur, which has exhibited significant flame-retardant properties.

SCP-517 is extremely dangerous due to its great speed, strength, plethora of natural weapons and extraordinary resistance to injury. It will attack every living organism in sight in a seemingly mindless rage. This berserk state, however, is not without strategy; the creature can instantly incorporate any available weapon into its tactics, suggesting either high intelligence or an instinctual understanding of the dynamics of combat and prompting serious questions about its origins. When not engaged in feeding or combat, SCP-517 will either sit quietly or pace slowly within its container as if waiting for further violent diversion.

The earliest record of SCP-517's existence is an incident in which the creature slaughtered and consumed the better part of a small town in [DATA EXPUNGED] over the course of several weeks. The creature was subdued and captured after being shot eight times with an XM500 Barrett .50 caliber rifle. The final shot was the only one observed to have any real effect, impacting the base of the skull and putting the creature into a shallow coma. The creature's unconsciousness lasted longer than the wounds themselves, which healed completely in a matter of minutes. The creature apparently suffered no permanent loss of brain function from this injury.

Current research is focused primarily on duplicating SCP-517's abilities, as it is unlikely that we will ever be able to truly control the beast.

GENERAL MISSIVE 45 

It has come to my attention that several Level 2 staff members have been attempting to organize what can only be called a  between SCP-517 and SCP-847.

Unauthorized use of any SCP item for monetary gain is strictly prohibited, especially in respect to gambling. All staff involved with this infraction have been reduced to security class D. Further infractions will be met with increasingly severe reprimands.

- █████ ██████, Secretary to the ███████

Experiment 1A: 

SCP-076 was allowed entry into SCP-517's containment chamber. Please see Addendum 076-06.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Nov 2020 21:32
            
            Edit
+48)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wing Commander: Gemini Sector
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Vanguard Rider
                      
              CARDFIGHT!! Vanguard English Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LegendSpring
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Morningside Genetics
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

