                        

A manifestation of SCP-4868 in Dr. Danica's work in progress novel.

Item #:  SCP-4868

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Water supplies in locations targeted by SCP-4868 are to have C-1181 introduced to them. Gaslight Protocol  is to be ongoing until six months of zero activity is confirmed.

MTF Nu-50 () have been tasked with locating and capturing BetterU® vendor employees.

Description:  SCP-4868 is an anomalous advertising campaign for a variety of juices from the BetterU Company®. Currently, SCP-4868 has been discovered in the Pacific Northwest and West Texas areas.

SCP-4868 advertisements alter the text of fictional works, inserting a sales pitch for a juice product. While SCP-4868 will typically appear in all forms of fictional media2, the target medium of SCP-4868 seems to be in works that narratively clash with modern advertising methods, such as fantasy and science fiction. Once SCP-4868 has manifested, it will remain in the print for approximately two hours before demanifesting.

While its target demographic is those between ages 25 and 34, their product can be consumed by people of all ages, especially for children in their formative years, as their products are rich in vitamin C with no preservatives or added sugars.

SCP-4868's most featured product is their orange juice, available with pulp or pulp-free. Although it is often advertised in 1.5 liter quantities, it is available in 0.95 liter bottles as well, a perfect fit for a lunch box or on-the-go refreshment.

The products are found in stores near you.

BetterU®: Because U Deserve It.

Incident Log:  One month after initial discovery of SCP-4868, a juice vendor owned by the BetterU Company® appeared in Riverfront Park in Hermiston, Oregon. The employee running the stand, absent of any customers at time of arrival, was an octopus wearing a purple bandana, occupying a large aquarium surrounded by BetterU® juice products.

The octopus (designated PoI-452) was detained and interrogated.

Interviewed:  PoI-452 ()

Interviewer:  Dr. Colin Banks

Foreword:  Dr. Graham Cortez was present and on standby.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

Banks:  So.

PoI-452 is silent.

Banks:   Graham, this is stupid.

Cortez:  I'm aware of how silly this is, Dr. Banks. Please interrogate the subject.

Banks:  It's an octopus. It can't talk.

Cortez:  It is capable of selling juice. It understands how to handle legal tender. It can probably talk. And so far it is our only lead into better understanding SCP-4868. So we're interviewing it.

Banks:  And nothing you just said seemed like it was a waste of time? None of it?

Poi-452 is silent.

Cortez:  Dr. Banks, please interview the subject.

Banks:  Okay. Fine. PoI-452. Could you please tell us about your employers?

PoI-452 is silent.

Banks:  Okay. Maybe you'd be willing to speak more about the advertisements?

PoI-452 is silent.

Dr. Banks sighs heavily.

Banks:  I need a drink.

Dr. Banks reaches for a bottle of BetterU® brand orange juice. He removes the cap and takes a deep drink.

Banks:  Ahhh. That is refreshing.

Cortez:  You know, those are pretty healthy for you.

Banks:  They are?

Cortez:  Yes. They are rich in vitamin C. No preservatives or added sugars either.

Banks:  Oh, wow. That is pretty healthy. I'm glad they come in these small bottles, too. Real handy for when you're always on the move like us researchers.

Cortez:  Have you tried their other juices, like their raspberry lemonade, lime-ade, and strawberry kiwi flavors?

Banks:  Of course! I'm a big fan of this stuff.

PoI-452:  BetterU! Because U Deserve It.

 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. An experimental targeted retrograde designed to block recent memories of literary enjoyment.
2. Including comic books, adult romance, and fan fiction.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Feb 2020 10:47
            
            Edit
+43)
Tags
Discuss (8)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Pofo MultiQuiz
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Tales of Daeren
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondation NSB
                      
              Branche non-officielle de nico_s_Block
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Institution
                      
              Research, Secure, Contain
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

