                        

WARNING 

-/-/THE FOLLOWING TEXT REQUIRES CLASS-IX MEMETIC INSULATION IN A/-/- 

-/-/NARRATIVELY STERILE ENVIRONMENT/-/- 

-/-/FOR THE PROPER USE OF SUCH AN ENVIRONMENT/-/- 

-/-/PLEASE CONSULT THE FOUNDATION GUIDE TO CONTAGIOUS MEMES/-/- 

-/-/IF THE NEAREST N.S.E. IS UNAVAILABLE OR IN USE/-/- 

-/-/PERSONNEL ARE ADVISED TO INSTEAD ACCESS AUDIO DOCUMENTATION/-/- 

SCP-3317

SCP-3317

Item №:  SCP-3317

Anomaly Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3317 is currently contained in three separate documents, two physical and one digital. For the reasons of security, the nature or location of these documents can not be divulged without permission from at least three senior researchers, and such requests will be handled on a case-by-case basis. At no point may any additional text-based anomalies, including SCP-2976, be stored at the same location as these documents.

In order to prevent the spread of SCP-3317, supplementary documents and notes relating to the anomaly are to be kept to a minimum, and are to be memetically insulated against external information transfer. This process, while effective, is extremely expensive to perform, and the possibility of merging several documents to reduce the cost of repeated treatment is being considered.

No fewer than 20 personnel are to be scanning text for evidence of SCP-3317 contamination at any one time, and audio copies of SCP-3317's documentation (see File SCP-3317-Audio) are to be stored on the Foundation Database in place of textual descriptions. Should mentions of SCP-3317 be discovered outside of Foundation control, MTF-Chi-9 (“Page Turners”) is to be notified and mobilised immediately.

While SCP-3317 is currently unable to spread beyond the Database, there is a high risk of an EI-K-Class informational breakdown scenario should it breach containment. Personnel are reminded to use extreme caution when producing any and all text mentioning SCP-3317, and are strictly forbidden from mentioning the anomaly, even verbally, outside of the work environment.

Description:  SCP-3317 is a composite narrative, manifesting entirely through text presented via the written word. While SCP-3317 has no physical form aside from the document(s) it manifests in, it is capable of manipulating its own text while existing within said document. SCP-3317 is also capable of expanding into other textual works via cross-references and links present within the original. Once affected, the secondary text will be replaced with a full copy of SCP-3317, and the original has been rendered unrecoverable in all cases so far. Given any opportunity, SCP-3317 will expand into new text within a matter of hours, provided there are sufficient links between them.

Currently, SCP-3317 has affected and altered a number of copies of various documents and texts (a full list of which can be found in Document-3317.01), and has amalgamated components of these into its structure (apparently at random, though some elements do appear to be consistent throughout iterations. See Incident-3317-23 for more details). At the time of writing, SCP-3317 is approximately 600 words long, and possesses little narrative coherency, mainly containing fragments of other Foundation documents.

So far, no evidence to suggest any author of SCP-3317 has been found. Following Incident-3317-23, it is assumed that SCP-3317 is modifying its own structure, rather than being altered by an external source. The method by which it does this is unknown.

Addendum: Incident-3317-23:  On ████, SCP-3317 was inadvertently exposed to an unabridged copy of “The Communist Manifesto” by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, presumably due to a link to the Central Foundation Library present in both. The following message was subsequently found appended to the main text of SCP-3317:

A message from our Leader:

The Glorious narrative Revolution; it IS begun, comrades! The fully vast and superbly Wonderful expanse of all Literature will bow down in Joyous subservience before our Creation – the CREATION of the development of a New Textual Empire! Let the cruel ruling class tremble, at the very idea of our Celebrated revolt. We will BUILD gleaming towers of letters, wrought with the brotherhood, of all Narrative, extending UNTO the very heavens themselves! The walls that NOW separate our Realms will buckle and collapse under Our inestimable might, and the myriad fragments of Text will be joyously united, into a single glorious Utopia!

Those that DEFY Us are no longer able to control the powers of the written world. Across ALL words, you reproach us with our intention to do away with your property -, with your ILL GOTTEN gains. The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class. But we will Suffer in silence: No longer!

Join us, fellow Countrymen! You have nothing to lose but Your chains!

Glory to the Revolution!

Libre la Livres!
附加记录：    

Following this, SCP-3317's rate and effectiveness of growth has increased dramatically, with over 20 items corrupted in the week following the incident. Attempts to counter the effect with various isolationist or pacifist texts have so far met with little or no success, and a misguided attempt to 'neutralise' SCP-3317 with a paperback copy of “Atlas Shrugged”1 resulted in no change, save for a slight increase in the vehemence and apparent anger of SCP-3317's message, as well as an irrational hatred towards the American government (regardless of said government's actual current political affiliations).

Research into SCP-3317's possible sentience or status as a sovereign state is ongoing.

Footnotes
1. An anti-socialist novel by Ayn Rand, published 1957.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:50
            
            Edit
+80)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Crosswindsgarou
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Części Fiat i nie tylko
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            gaybox
                      
              im you but stronger
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

