                        

Item #:  SCP-3202

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  D-78818 is exempt from any scheduled termination or transfers, and may be kept in a standard low-threat humanoid containment cell.

Footage of D-78818 swallowing Junior Researcher Pitt's pet goldfish is available to all personnel with 1/3202 clearance. Personnel affected by SCP-3202 are encouraged to rewatch the footage should they ever experience doubt that the event occurred.

Witnesses to SCP-3202 are not permitted to consume live animals.

Description:  SCP-3202 is a shared memory of a particular individual, designated SCP-3202-1, eating an acquaintance's pet while the animal was still alive. SCP-3202 only affects individuals who would have witnessed the event were it to occur (hereby  SCP-3202-1 is not affected.

Each SCP-3202 manifestation occurs in distinct stages. During Stage 1, witnesses will possess a shared memory of the event described above. These memories are vivid and mutually consistent, regardless of the supposed time since the event or the mental states of the witnesses.

1 SCP-3202's fidelity will decrease for each witness that ceases to believe the memories; after this occurs for about half of the witnesses, SCP-3202 becomes indistinguishable from an imaginary event.

Stage 3 occurs once SCP-3202 is only believed by one witness. The active instance of SCP-3202 will cease to exist, with all falsified memories being eliminated. SCP-3202 will then reoccur, changing in form, with the remaining witness becoming the new SCP-3202-1.

Individuals who are exposed to several iterations of SCP-3202 often cease to display interest in the falsified memories and are typically quick to dismiss them; whether this is a natural reaction or a facet of SCP-3202 itself is unclear.

Recovery:  The circumstances resulting in SCP-3202's creation are unclear; SCP-3202-related activity was first identified in San Francisco, CA among the administration of the ███████ Company on 2017-04-19. SCP-3202 went through an estimated nineteen iterations before its operational parameters were delineated by the Foundation.

SCP-3202's current containment procedures were formulated under the hypothesis that, if SCP-3202-1 participated in an event consistent with SCP-3202's parameters, the false memories would align with this event; subsequently, subjects would not find reason to disbelieve in SCP-3202, and it would thus remain stable.

To this end, a witness to an SCP-3202 manifestation was recruited as D-Class Personnel #78818. D-78818 was introduced to Junior Researcher Pitt, then provided with JR Pitt's pet goldfish. He complied with an instruction to swallow the goldfish.

Immediately thereafter, all other witnesses were provided information that disproved the active manifestation of SCP-3202. SCP-3202 demanifested, then reoccurred as a shared memory indistinguishable from the actual event of D-78818 swallowing the goldfish. This containment attempt is considered a success, and forms the basis of current containment procedures.

Addendum:  A standard psychological review performed in June of 2017 has found that all personnel who witnessed SCP-3202 regard the memories associated with it as particularly enjoyable, recalling the event frequently and often experiencing dreams related to it. Subjects report deriving pleasure from the unambiguous truth of SCP-3202, as well as the imagined sensation of swallowing goldfish. Several expressed interest in performing similar acts.

SCP-3202 has been upgraded to Euclid. All witnesses are to be monitored for further anomalies.

Footnotes
1. Most commonly, the witness acquires or recalls evidence that the pet in question was alive at some point after the supposed event. As SCP-3202 does not include memories of events leading up to or resulting from the pet's consumption, the incongruency with other documented events may result in disbelief. Thoughtful evaluation of the implausibility of the event has also been noted to cause this effect; this occurs more often when the pet in question is particularly large or when SCP-3202-1 is particularly small.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Jun 2020 21:07
            
            Edit
+53)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Obsidian Conflict Map Database
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikistória
                      
              A enciclopédia de História feita por estudantes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            DarkSouls II Wiki
                      
              #1 source of fan provided tips, strategies, FAQs, and information about Dark Souls II
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

