                        

Cover of SCP-066-DE

Item #:  SCP-066-DE

Object Class:  Euclid

Secure Containment Procedures:  SCP-066-DE is to be contained within a class S3-locker in Sector 11 of Site-DE4. The two keys of the containment locker are currently in possession of Dr. Baum, the current Chief of Security of Sector 11. Use of SCP-066-DE requires permission from Dr. Baum and may only take place in a testing chamber of safety class ER-2. Following Incident #066-DE-I1, the secure containment procedures have been changed as follows: SCP-066-DE is to be contained within a quadruple-locked Class S4-safe, upon a pedestal 1m Standard Containment Chamber. The safe is always to be in view of surveillance cameras from all angles. Sensors will recognize whether or not the safe has been opened by all four keys simultaneously. Failing to do so will result in SCP-066-DE being destroyed by a thermite charge. Personnel who attempt to gain unauthorized access to the containment chamber or to the safe are to be questioned, amnesticized, and reclassified as D-Class personnel or terminated. Currently, any use of SCP-066-DE is prohibited. In case its use may be allowed at a later time, it must take place in the dedicated Class EDR-4 test chamber attached to the containment chamber.

Should SCP-066-DE-1, SCP-066-DE-2, or something similar manifest, the containment breach alarm is to be set off, the whole facility is to be put on lock down, and containment protocol 𝔐𝔞𝔤𝔲𝔰 shall be executed.

Description:  SCP-066-DE is a book of approximately 300 pages titled , due to involving e.g. necromancy, summoning of demons, or blood magic.

Spell: 

When a spell is performed exactly as described in the book, the effects will manifest within realty; a list of tested spells can be found in Experiment log #066-DE-P1. During casting, the conjurer has to be close to the book (circa 0.5, such as an obligation to report any failed restorations of vampires and werewolves to the Principal's office.

Incident log #066-DE-I1 (Security clearance level 3/066-DE required)

Addendum: 

SCP-066-DE was found near the remnants of an unidentifiable person, cause of death seemingly being implosion. The ISBN-number lead to a print-on-demand service in Germany, in whose database the entire order had been irrecoverably deleted.

The existence of a city or region named █████ is unknown. There is no information about a group called the . Their inclusion into the Groups of Interest list is suspended until their existence can be proven.

Note: 

Not only was this the most serious breach in this facility ever, but it could and should have been avoided. Beginning with the mistakes of a project manager, whose security measures were utterly inappropriate for a reality-bending Euclid Class SCP, through the ignoring of warning signs, to and attempt to boost the career of said manager, come hell (literally) or high water, with a Thaumiel Class SCP. Add to this the laxness and lack of discipline of the security personnel. How can it be that somebody manages to get from level 3 to 5 undetected, kill the guards, and cross half the level, before breach alarm is set off, because they are celebrating a birthday in the security center instead of watching the monitors?

Of course, we could demote the responsible to D-class or terminate them outright, but that would gain us nothing. Not including executions (and I'm intentionally not writing !), we have already lost a project manager, an chief of security, almost 50 guards and MTF-members, an SCP, and a test-subject who should have been euthanized long ago. What for? Nothing! For nothing at all!

Let this be a learning experience, to never be careless, and always to think of security first, then about your career. There is more at stake here than just your life.

 O4-4
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. German for: 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Aug 2020 21:25
            
            Edit
+10)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            IB History
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CalU Secondary Education Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Micro  Epi @ Morningside Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

