                        

Item #:  SCP-2282

Object Class:  Neutralized (Formerly Euclid)

Special Containment Procedures:  (Former. SCP-2282 is now deceased.) SCP-2282 is to be kept under the care of the Area-12 Parazoology Department in an outdoor enclosure. SCP-2282 should never come closer than a distance of one hundred meters (100m) to any structure or tree. SCP-2282 is to have appropriate maintenance for a domestic goat.

Description:  SCP-2282 is a female young mammal of a unique subspecies closely related to Capra aegagrus hircus, classified as C. a. spatium. SCP-2282 is of normal size and externally identical to a common domesticated goat. SCP-2282's skeletal, muscular, and cranial anatomy is identical.

SCP-2282's digestive tract is a highly non-Euclidean array of spacial distortions warped to increase its internal volume to at least seventeen thousand cubic meters (17,000kg, a normal amount for a goat of its apparent breed. These additional organs also apparently do not require additional sustenance to function, as SCP-2282's material diet is normal.

SCP-2282 consumes matter by incorporating the space that contains that matter into its own body. This space is removed from an area near SCP-2282's mouth while grazing, and manipulated so that its exterior is shrunk as it is transported to inside of SCP-2282's digestive tract. The cavity this creates within SCP-2282 is then filled with new flesh and organs. SCP-2282 consumes approximately three cubic meters (3m³) per day.

Addendum:  SCP-2282 was discovered on 3 Feb 2001 on a goat ranch in central California after Foundation gravitational-wave observatories in Area-6, Area-22, and Site-20 began detecting a small, regular tremor in the curvature of spacetime. The anomaly was triangulated, and the farm was investigated and purchased after the effect was confirmed.

Addendum:  Correspondence between Dr. Carrs and Overwatch Council, 22 Apr 2014

SCP-2282 has begun showing signs of aging and ill health appropriate to a goat of its age. Barring more intense medical care, it has maybe four more months left alive. I am seeking approval to euthanize SCP-2282 on 1 May 2014 before it dies of natural causes to allow it to decease in a controlled environment, and to study its anatomy before it undergoes organ failure. - Dr. Carrs

Approved. - O5-9

Addendum:  Euthanasia of SCP-2282 proceeded as planned until the moment of death. After injection by Dr. Dangson, SCP-2282's interior instantaneously distorted itself to match Euclidean space. This resulted in a bubble of new space sixty-seven meters (67m) in diameter appearing from SCP-2282's abdomen, warping all space in the surrounding area.

Dr. Dangson, standing directly next to SCP-2282 during the distortion, was killed instantaneously from massive anatomical deformation. Dr. Carrs entered critical condition and died six hours later from cerebral hemorrhaging. Dr. Ohman and Dr. Jept suffered severe skeletal and anatomical deformation; Dr. Jept required amputation of his left arm and leg, and Dr. Ohman is currently undergoing intensive physical therapy to regain full mobility.

The sphere of new space was filled with goat entrails which immediately collapsed to fill the dimple in the ground created by the distortion and overflow into the surrounding area.

Addendum:  Excavation of SCP-2282's remains has revealed that some of SCP-2282's stomachs were not filled with digestive fluid, and contained objects that were kept relatively well preserved, including several that would have been too large for SCP-2282 to have consumed whole. Objects currently discovered in the remains include:

1 wooden architectural ruler
4 Tic Tac brand candy boxes (empty, various flavors)
1  instruction booklet
11 rocks (various sizes)
1 large wood lathe
22 various wood lathe tools
7 playing cards (standard)
9 playing cards (identified as part of the )
1 giraffe skeleton (whole)
1 halogen light bulb
1 stainless steel dresser
191 Elmer's brand glue sticks
1 beehive (whole, dormant)
6 vacuum tubes

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                spacetime
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Oct 2019 00:27
            
            Edit
+303)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Contraptor
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ground Up Strength
                      
              A strength training site with lots of other stuff.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Champions Ashes
                      
              The Official Wiki For Dark Souls III: Champions Ashes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SFU Game Developers Club
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

