                        

Entrance to SCP-875.

Item #:  SCP-875

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-875 is to be marked on all maps as a military base, and all satellite images taken of the area are to be altered according to Procedure Watson-24. Any civilians approaching SCP-875 are to be brought into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic. After dosage, civilians are to be returned to the nearest city to SCP-875, █████.

SCP-875-1 stings are to be treated by on-site medical personnel using alkali prescribed in Medical Chart 875-1-1. In extreme cases, amputation of affected limbs is authorized.

No research personnel are to enter SCP-875 without an escort of two (2) members of security. Six (6) maintenance personnel are to be on duty in SCP-875's reactor room at all times. SCP-875's reactor is to be checked for breaches each hour. In the event of a breach, SCP-875 is to be evacuated immediately.

In the event of specimens of SCP-875-3 becoming active, security personnel are to respond immediately and subdue specimens in a non-fatal manner. Specimens are then to be transported to Site ██, where research staff will take over the operation.

Description:  SCP-875 is an underground pyramid estimated to be ████ years old and located in the ████████ Desert. No evidence of SCP-875's construction exists in records from the period, although evidence suggests that SCP-875 was man-made. The outer layer of SCP-875 is made of regular sandstone, but possesses an inner layer composed of an as-yet unknown alloy.

The first floor of SCP-875, accessible through the entrance tunnel, possesses the layout of a maze or labyrinth. Mechanisms contained within the floor and walls of the maze alter the configuration of this floor every forty-eight (48) hours. Notably, the hallways in this section of the structure appear to have been constructed with entities much taller than humans in mind. Several pressure plates and hidden levers are capable of opening certain sections of the maze and releasing swarms of SCP-875-1.

SCP-875-1 are small flying insect-like creatures approximately six (6) centimeters in length and three (3) grams in mass. Their appearance bears no similarity to any known species, suggesting extraterrestrial origin. SCP-875-1 possess a highly acidic sting that has been observed to cause severe damage to nerves and tendons. Due to their swarming behaviour, SCP-875-1 attacks can and have resulted in complete liquefaction of limbs.

Due to previous use of explosives, access to the second floor of SCP-875 is not difficult, provided the breached location can be accessed in the maze's current configuration. The second floor of SCP-875 is home to four large vats containing a liquid similar in appearance to water. This liquid will hereafter be referred to as SCP-875-2. Exposure of humans to SCP-875-2 results in effects similar to an amnestic, but with the additions of a sense of satisfaction and happiness.

What appear to be maintenance tunnels lead down to the third floor of SCP-875, which contains a large nuclear reactor that takes up most of the level. This reactor appears to be self-cooling, as it had not experienced meltdown in the period between SCP-875's desertion and its rediscovery by the Foundation. Nevertheless, measures have been undertaken to monitor and maintain this reactor, which appears to power the machinery on the first, second and fourth floors.

Tunneling through the base of the third floor has revealed a small chamber containing what seem to be ten (10) cryogenic stasis chambers arranged in a circle formation. Each stasis chamber contains a large insectoid creature roughly three (3) meters in height and two hundred and forty (240) kilograms in weight. Three (3) specimens appear to have died and heavily decomposed through failure of the stasis chambers and several of the specimens are heavily injured. These creatures are to be referred to as SCP-875-3. (For further information on SCP-875-3 biology, see Autopsy 875-3-1.)

ImageAnalysis

Close

Analysis of several images carved onto the walls of SCP-875's first floor. 

1:  Two (2) figures (possibly SCP-875-3 specimens) facing each other. One figure appears to be impaling the other with a spear.

2:  One figure identical to those in the first image facing a human in Ancient Egyptian garb. Figure appears to be holding some manner of slab. Human figure is facing away from the first figure, perhaps suggesting an unwillingness to correspond.

3:  A large chalice with a drop of liquid falling into it. Figure from the first image is standing next to two (2) human figures, who appear to be bowing to it.

4:  Figure from the first image is watching two (2) human figures pulling a large square using ropes.

5:  Figure from the first image is standing next to what appears to be a deceased human figure. First figure appears to be consuming [DATA EXPUNGED].

6:  Figure from the first image inside a small rectangle, perhaps representing SCP-875-3's stasis chambers.

CLASSIFIED - O5 PERMISSIONS REQUIRED

CONFIRMPERMISSIONS

Close

On ██/██/████, the following transmission was intercepted, the source of which is currently unknown.

The killers from war will return immediately. That there will be any negotiations. The implementation of these orders will be out or will be offered 95 percent of species extinct. Will be returned to the implementation of the following: It is hatred (killed 33 who were not born yet, and seven others) that it is pestilence (killing 72 who were not born yet, eating five who were not born yet) that it is death (escape with the assistance of killers from war), that it is
附加记录：    

After this point, the transmission quickly deteriorated and became unintelligible.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Oct 2019 10:21
            
            Edit
+117)
Tags
Discuss (15)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            小城的问候
                      
              Greetings from afar...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Downs Folk
                      
              Lives and times of folk of Toowoomba  the Downs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Vanguard Rider
                      
              CARDFIGHT!! Vanguard English Wiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

