                        

Grand Karcist Ion™, leader of the evil Sarkbite™ army, being tempted by SCP-3000-J™: tasty, yummy Foundation Flakes™.

SnapCracklePop Item #:  SCP-3000-J™

Cereal Class:  G-r-r-reat!

Special Calcium Procedures:  SCP-3000-J™ was previously locked away in the top secret Cereal Containment Facility, because it was deemed too dangerously delicious for the normal public! Now, super secret cereal squad Mobile Taskforce YUM-1™ (“Captains Crunch”) has snuck in, and broke it out so you could taste it now!1 Now, it is to be contained as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol. This diet is also to include foods high in fiber and vitamins, like SCP-3000-J™! It's part of a complete breakfast!

Nutrition Facts:  SCP-3000-J™ is Kellogg's® new Foundation Flakes™! Made with ultra-rich Skippy® Peanut Butter, and Hershey's® Wondertainment™ dark chocolate, as well as USDA Organic cornflakes and rice puffs, SCP-3000-J™ is guaranteed to help you start your day right. SCP-3000-J™ is a heart healthy food, and full of calcium to help your bones grow strong as well as 13 different vitamins and minerals, each one approved by the Kellogg’s® O5 Council™ for your breakfast experience as well as to help you grow up right. One spoonful and you won’t be able to contain the sweet taste of this Sweeter Keter™! Be sure to try Foundation Flakes with new Super Coco Pows™ in honey, cinnamon, or fruity flavors! Buy them today!

SCP-3000-J™ was invented by a crazy mad scientist, who combined the tastes of tangy peanut butter, smooth chocolate, sweet frosted flakes, and crispy rice puffs into a concoction so good it warped reality. Kellogg's® sent their special Mobile Taskforce YUM-1™ in to recover the new cereal. They put it deep in secret containment alongside all the monsters they had caught, like Ignatz the Immortal Lizard™, his Japanese friend Shy Sammy the Statue™, and their arch-nemesis Grand Karcist Ion™ of Calcium, leader of the evil Sark-Bites™ and high priest of the Fifth Church of the Broken Spoon. One day, Grand Karcist Ion had broken free and decided to send his Sark-Bite army to encourage unhealthy eating habits in kids all over the world. Emboldened by the delicious and nutritious taste of Foundation Flakes™, The Kellogg's® O5 Council™ allowed Ignatz™ and Shy Sammy™ to join forces with Mobile Taskforce YUM-1™ and Kellogg's® to defeat the Sark-Bite™ army using the power of a healthy breakfast!

Addendum-1:  The following interview took place during a showdown between Mobile Taskforce YUM-1™ and Grand Karcist Ion™

 

Grand Karcist Ion™:  You can't stop me! My Sark-Bite™ army is too powerful! Together, They will help me rule the world!!! Ha Ha Ha !

Ignatz™:  Here Ion, try a delicious bowl of Foundation Flakes™. They're delicious AND nutritious!

Grand Karcist Ion™:  (Chews a spoonful slowly.) Oh drat, this is really good! I guess I really had followed the way of all flesh against this scrumptious cereal. Me and my Sark-Bites will go home, but you haven't seen the last of us!

Ignatz™:  Silly Ion, nobody can resist the taste of Foundation Flakes™!
附加记录：    

Addendum-2:  Hey kids, help Ignatz the Immortal Lizard™ find his way through the maze to the party at Alagadda City where he can eat all the Foundation Flakes™ he wants! Better be quick, because mean old Grand Karcist Ion™ will find him and steal his cereal!

MAZE CENSORED: REALLY AWESOME COG-NEATO-HAZARD THAT CAUSES YOU TO CRAVE SCP-3000-J. 

Please buy boxes of Foundation Flakes™ at your local supermarket to enjoy fun games and puzzles like this. Also enjoy the continuing adventures of Ignatz™ and YUM-1™ in Kellogg's Presents YUM-1: Secure Contain and Protect, airing Saturday mornings at 8:15 EST on Cartoon Network® or online at www.kelloggsfoundationflakes.com/yum1/comics.3

Footnotes
1. A containment breach for brunch! Crunch!
2. Not for sale on Halloween or Day of the Dead, or to morticians.
3. Foundation Flakes™, SCP-3000-J™, Keter™, Mobile Taskforce YUM-1™, The Kellogg's O5 Council™, Ignatz the Immortal Lizard™, Shy Sammy the Statue™, Grand Karcist Ion™, and Sark-Bite™ are all registered trademarks of The Kelloggs Company. Wondertainment™ is a registered trademark of The Hershey Company. Cartoon Network® is a division of Turner Broadcasting System, itself a subsidiary of Time Warner Inc. Shy Sammy the Statue™ was originally created as the art piece ™ is a registered trademark of Izumi Kato Enterprises. All rights reserved.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Dec 2020 19:51
            
            Edit
+186)
Tags
Discuss (44)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Wanderers Library
                      
              Fiction from another world.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Soymilk Linkshell
                      
              Professional, drama-free dynamis since 2005!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chemistry
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SIMTrackipedia
                      
              A collection of tutorials for Bobs Track Builder, XPacker, and other related programs
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

