                        

The NC Mutual Life Insurance headquarters.

Item #:  SCP-5924

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Relevant disinformation campaigns have been disseminated, and deemed successful. The floor housing SCP-5924 has been closed off from civilian access under the pretense of renovation and maintenance works.

Description:  SCP-5924 is a biological entity occupying an area of dimensions 4m by 5m on the north-facing wall of floor B3 in the NC Mutual Life Insurance headquarters, Durham, North Carolina, United States. Radiographic analysis indicates that SCP-5924 consists of human flesh, with an interconnected system of veins and arteries which penetrates the concrete behind it. A single motile appendage, measuring 1m long, protrudes from SCP-5924 which ends in a pair of human lips. This appendage frequently opens to vocalize in fluent American English in a masculine tone. Two human ears and eyes, each approximately 30 centimeters wide, are situated asymmetrically on either side of SCP-5924.

For unknown reasons, employees2 until a civilian electrician entered the floor for repairs, after which local law enforcement was deployed to inspect the premises. The electrician was amnesticized and embedded agents within the local police precinct declared this as a false alarm.

Addendum 3-C:  On 06/12/2015, on the day of implementation of SCP-5924's containment procedures, Dr. Lawkind Halls conducted an interview session with SCP-5924 to ascertain the reason for its existence.

[BEGIN LOG] 

(Shuffling.)

SCP-5924:  Manny! Manny? I- is that you, my boy?

(A creak.)

Dr. Halls:  I'm afraid not, sir.

SCP-5924:  Oh! Oh?

Dr. Halls:  Halls.

SCP-5924:  Halls? I don't ever recount there being halls here-

Dr. Halls:  Not, not that.

(Silence.)

SCP-5924:  Oh! Oh! (Chuckles.) You- you meant- ah, okay! Mister Halls! Hello!

Dr. Halls:  It's fine, sir. May I know your name?

SCP-5924:  Uh Wallace? I- I think?

(Soft scribbling.)

Dr. Halls:  Mhm. You were calling out for?

SCP-5924:  Oh, yes! Manny!

Dr. Halls:  Why do you keep calling out for this person?

SCP-5924:  (Chuckles.) He's a sweet boy, I tell him.

Dr. Halls:  How is Manny affiliated with you?

SCP-5924:  (Tuts.) Don't be cold! I told you, he's a sweet little boy!

(Soft scribbling.)

Dr. Halls:  Right. Do you remember if he was involved in anything that might've uh, brought you here?

(Silence.)

SCP-5924:  I nice. Nice to be told he loves me. In fact, I've been coming here for a while now, so I kind of got close to everyone here! You see? There- there's Andy's seat over there, Harris over there, Janice- oh yes, Janice, sweet woman. Went around helping anyone fussing over numbers! And- and there's-

Dr. Halls:  Sir, I appreciate your enthusiasm. However, uh back to Manny.

SCP-5924:  Ah, yes! Manny! Oh dang it, my memory's just not working right today. Sorry about that. (Chuckles.)

(Silence. A cough.)

SCP-5924:  (Clears throat.) right. Uhm. I've been looking for Manny to, uh, you know, get to know him better. And- and thank him too.

Dr. Halls:  So you were here to thank him?

SCP-5924:  Yes, yes, the sweet lil' boy. Even sent me one of those uh, those- those little envelope things on the- the, screen? Those-

Dr. Halls:  Email?

SCP-5924:  Yes! Here, I- I'll read it to you. I- I have it here just for reference.

(Silence. Moments later, muffled, wet sounds can be heard.)

SCP-5924:  There we go! Uhm.  See? What a sweet boy, I tell ya! It's been a while since there was noise in the house, eh? Even this- yeah, I should thank all of the employees, throw them a sweet little gift, maybe, um- maybe continue to stay here to be their valued customer, y'know?

Dr. Halls:  May I have a look at that phone?

SCP-5924:  Sure, Mister Halls!

(Several wet sounds. Silence.)

Dr. Halls:  Sir, may I know if you are short-sighted?

SCP-5924:  (Chuckles.) Well, I- uh, I would be lying if I said I wasn't.

Dr. Halls:  Thank you for answering my questions.

SCP-5924:  No problem!

[END LOG] 

Addendum 3-D:  Dr. Halls received a Samsung SGH-A1673 from SCP-5924's appendage. A single email was present in the inbox; its contents have been converted into an electronic copy and attached below for reference.

Wallace,
Happy Birthday!

The North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company would like to extend our gratitude for your continued subscription! Feeling concerned about your future? No worries! On this special occasion, we offer you a 25% additional coverage of your healthcare expenses!

Have a great day!

4

Employee of NC Mutual Life Insurance, Customer Service

05/14/2015

Footnotes
1. This effect extends to the company's corporate hierarchical system, including the executives. Foundation agents employed by the company also do not claim SCP-5924 as anomalous. Other positions not directly related to the service of the company, such as security and maintenance, are unaffected.
2. Security cameras were not installed during this time.
3. A 'flip' phone released in 2009.
4. Upon subsequent interrogations, .

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Oct 2020 19:39
            
            Edit
+19)
Tags
Discuss (9)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Trumpet exercise database
                      
              for trumpet players, students and teachers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            bandOpedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金會
                      
              控制，收容，保護
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

