                        

Item #:  SCP-1156

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1156 is to be housed in a stable adjacent to the Secure Outdoor Testing Facility at Site 73, and is to be provided with food, water, bedding, grooming, and veterinary care appropriate to a non-anomalous animal of its species. SCP-1156's stable is to be cleaned daily. SCP-1156 may be allowed supervised access to the Secure Outdoor Testing Facility for exercise and grazing purposes during daylight hours when no testing is scheduled. Any clothing changes exhibited by SCP-1156 are to be documented and monitored.

SCP-1156's cooperation with the Foundation is currently predicated on its belief that it is a paid employee thereof. During good behavior, SCP-1156 is to be assigned work of a low-priority nature, appropriate to its abilities. SCP-1156 is to be paid bi-weekly with scrip bearing a face value equivalent to the current UK minimum wage, minus legally permitted deductions for room and board, and is to be allowed to purchase approved sundries with said scrip from the Site 73 quartermaster. Failure to cooperate with Foundation personnel shall result in suspension of the above privileges.

The Foundation is to monitor sales and transfers of domesticated horses in the United Kingdom for any additional horses presenting SCP-1156's characteristics. In the event that any such specimens are identified, the Foundation is to acquire the animal as soon as possible for separate containment at Site 73.

Description:  SCP-1156 is a male domesticated horse (Equus ferus caballus) of indeterminate breed and unknown age, approximately 1.7 meters in height. SCP-1156's tongue, palate, lips, and vocal cords are shaped in a manner not found in non-anomalous horses, allowing it to produce phonemes used in human speech. SCP-1156's brain is approximately ██% larger than the brain of a non-anomalous horse, and possesses several anatomical regions of unknown purpose or function.

SCP-1156 is sapient and is able to speak English with a thick accent resembling that historically spoken by natives of the East End of London, UK ( and describes itself as part of a community of sapient horses living openly throughout the East End (a claim which has not yet been corroborated by Foundation research.) SCP-1156 has demonstrated a limited ability to manipulate tools and simple machines with its lips, teeth, and tongue, including an ability to write by holding a pen in its mouth.

SCP-1156 possesses a limited form of telekinesis, comprising an ability to dress itself by spontaneously manifesting clothing tailored to fit a large horse directly onto itself. Most frequently, this clothing takes the form of a silk top hat and a light blue scarf bearing the monogram  the source of the clothing and its ultimate disposition upon demanifesting is unknown. Forensic examination of the clothes themselves indicates that they are composed of common fabrics and metals and bear no anomalous properties in and of themselves.

SCP-1156 was acquired by the Foundation in 20██ following a raid on a country club in [REDACTED], UK, owned by Marshall, Carter D six months prior after responding to a want ad for coach horses and forced to perform various tasks for the guests of the club. SCP-1156 describes itself as a professional coach horse and has been convinced at this time that the Foundation is employing him for that purpose.

+1156-1

-1156-1

Interview Log 1156-1: 

Dr. Samesh:  Please state your name for the record.

SCP-1156:  Wellington Garrett Wonderhorse, at your service, milord! Finest coach 'orse in Whitechapel, and that's no eel!

Dr. Samesh:  And you have lived in Whitechapel your entire life, is that correct?

SCP-1156:  Born to the sound of the Bow Bells, sir, just like me old dad, and 'is before 'im, and 'is before 'im! We're an old and proud lineage, we are. My grandpa always said there's been Wonderhorses pullin' folks 'round London since they signed the Magna Carta.

Dr. Samesh:  And there are more horses like you?

SCP-1156:  You're a fellow Blighter, aren't ya? 'Aven't you ever been to London? There's thousands of us all over the Joe! Millions, maybe not as many as in me grandpa's day, sure.

Dr. Samesh:  So you wouldn't say there's anything unusual about your being able to speak?

SCP-1156:  I've never met an 'orse that couldn't, milord.

Dr. Samesh:  And your making clothes appear?

SCP-1156:  Well, a bloke's got to look dignified when he's working for a room-and-board or the Oxford and 'er kids, 'asn't 'e? Watch this, then.

(SCP-1156 affects a  accent.)

SCP-1156:  Good morning, ma'am. How do you do? Shall we be heading to the chapel this morning? Mind your step.

(SCP-1156 resumes its normal manner of speech.)

SCP-1156:  Dad started teachin' me that when I was barely a yearling. I was teachin' me own God-forbids before I wound up 'ere, so they can take up the family trade when they're old enough.

Dr. Samesh:  You have a family?

SCP-1156:  Been married to the ol' trouble six years now. We've got three little ones now - Michael, he should just be starting school now, then there's Emily, and our yearling Gareth. He was already saying his first dickies when I got taken in by those Berkley 'unts at MCD.

Dr. Samesh:  And how did you find yourself in the custody of Marshall, Carter,  Dark?

SCP-1156:  Well, work's been 'ard to come by these days. Everyone's gone 'orseless, and there's not as much call for coach 'orses as back in me grandpa's day. Amy's been helping out at our local on Sundays, but with things bein' the way they are they 'aven't got much work for 'er either. We've been behind on the Burton, and the landlord was talkin' about evicting us. Said if it weren't for the council breathin' down 'is neck 'e'd never 'ave rented to no 'orses in the first place.

Dr. Samesh:  Go on.

SCP-1156:  So I sees this ad in the Times, coach 'orses wanted to work in a country club. So I put on me finest suit and trot on down to Knightsbridge and tell the man in the office I want the job.

Dr. Samesh:  Did they hire you right away?

SCP-1156:  Hired? Now that's a load of 'orseshit right there. Never saw so much as five quid for six straight months. I told 'em I'd be writing me Member of Parliament! They just laughed and treated me unmerciful. I mean, this breakfast ain't exactly the Four Seasons, but it puts that village to shame.

Dr. Samesh:  What sort of work did they have you doing?

Letter Written by SCP-1156

SCP-1156:  Pulling coaches, giving rides, serving drinks, magic shows all the most embarrassing things you can imagine. Sometimes they'd get a crowd together and bring in one of the ladies after she'd had too much tiddlywink, and they'd want me to betray me marital vows with 'er! Right in front of 'em all gawking and laughing. Now I'm not a church-going 'orse, milord, but even I know a sin when I see one!

Dr. Samesh:  Do you know where your family is now?

SCP-1156:  Well, we always lived at [DATA EXPUNGED], Whitechapel, but they've probably been evicted by now. Amy'll 'ave sent the kids to live with 'er sister in Shepherd's Bush. She's a good soul, but I just can't stand the way she puts on airs ever since she married that donkey. They're just a queer sort, know what I mean?

Dr. Samesh:  I see. That will be all for today.

SCP-1156:  Wait. Could you send 'em a letter for me? I 'aven't 'eard from 'em since those 'Ampton Wicks got their 'ands on me. It's right in the corner by me trough.

Dr. Samesh:  We'll consider it.
附加记录：    

Afterword:  Upon investigating the address provided by SCP-1156, the Foundation found a currently uninhabited two-bedroom apartment. The building manager stated that the previous residents had been evicted six months prior and could not vouch for their current whereabouts, and refused to discuss them in any detail, stating that they had been  during their entire stay.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Oct 2019 00:28
            
            Edit
+281)
Tags
Discuss (119)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Psychology (PSYC 101)
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Lightworks Unofficial Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Khais personal knowledge vault.
                      
              Materials on this site are not original. When possible, references to original articles are listed on each page.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

