                        

Item #:  SCP-1937

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The perimeter around SCP-1937 is to be secured by no less than three (3) Foundation security personnel. Any civilians approaching SCP-1937 are to be redirected and escorted elsewhere. Any civilians displaying prior knowledge of SCP-1937 and its effects are to be detained, interrogated, and administered Class-B amnestics before release.

D-Class personnel are not to spend more than thirty (30) minutes within SCP-1937 during testing. No other personnel are permitted inside of SCP-1937 at this time.

Description:  SCP-1937 is a small one-room building located in ███████, Greece on the bank of ███████ Lake. The structure is constructed out of various woods found in the nearby ██████ Forest, none of which appear to decay. Extensive plant growth exists around the outside of the building. On the front door, the words, “I LOVE YOU, TOO” have been carved into the wood.

When a human spends more than approximately thirty (30) minutes within SCP-1937, that subject will become infected with SCP-1937-A. This phenomenon manifests at random intervals when an infected subject speaks certain phrases, as outlined in Addendum-1937-Epsilon. Upon speaking these phrases, a voice matching that of the infected subject will immediately respond in manner matching the infected subject's intonation and inflection while speaking the trigger phrase. SCP-1937-A appears to comfort the infected individual as well as often instilling self-esteem and confidence.

Interview Log-1937-Gamma: 

Interviewed:  Leto Yannatos, an individual infected with SCP-1937-A

Interviewer:  Agent Fredricks

Forward:  This interview was conducted by Agent Fredricks on a civilian in a secluded area outside of Foundation control in order to quickly obtain more information about the anomaly.

 

Fredricks:  Hello. Could you tell me about the  as you referred to it earlier?

Yannatos:  The shack absolutely changed my life. I'm so thankful to the Crusade for what they've done for me. I honestly don't think I would be here right now if it wasn't for them and that place.

Fredricks:  How do you mean?

Yannatos:  [silence for approximately thirty seconds] Before then, I it worked. It goddamn worked. I dunno how the hell they pulled it off, but it's working and I'm so grateful to them.

Fredricks:  Can you tell me more about the Crusade?

Yannatos:  I don't know, all my info about them is from my friend, Kassandra. All I know is, they're like an assistance group, I suppose. They just wanna help people, is all. That's all I really know, sorry. You can probably find them if you go to the shack.

Fredricks:  I see. Thank you. Can you show me this voice?

Yannatos:  Sure, if you want. [clears throat] Are you here?

SCP-1937-A:  Always here.

Yannatos:  I can't stop.

SCP-1937-A:  Come home.

Yannatos:  Will you love me?

SCP-1937-A:  I never stopped.

Yannatos:  So yeah. There it is. I can't tell you where the shack is, exactly, but if you come with me, I think Kassy could!

Fredricks:  That sounds fantastic, please take me.

 

Closing Statement:  Following this interview, eight (8) individuals infected with SCP-1937-A were detained, interviewed, and contained. SCP-1937 was also discovered.
附加记录：    
Addendum-1937-Epsilon:  The following table is an abridged set of known SCP-1937-A trigger phrases along with the response.

Trigger Phrase
Response

I am ugly.
I'm a liar.

I hate myself.
I don't.

I don’t want to leave.
I don’t want you to leave.

I love you.
I love you, too.

SCP-1937 was recovered from the possession of GoI-311 (The Hope Crusade) on 06/09/2002. SCP-1937 was being used by the group as a paid service for people lacking self-esteem, in which they introduced people to the anomaly for a rate of €40 per hour. All members of the group were detained and interrogated, revealed the rest of the locations of the group as well as a list of people infected by SCP-1937-A. Furthermore, it was discovered that several now-contained items1 were being used as additional services to treat drug addiction, eating disorders, and  respectively. It is to be noted that all these services, with the exception of SCP-1937, induced effects that faded over time, requiring multiple visits in order to maintain a person's anomalous properties.

After interrogation and capture of the remainder of the Hope Crusade's personnel and anomalies, all members were administered Class-C amnestics, released, and monitored for a subsequent six (6) months in order to ensure the prevention of the reformation of this group.

Footnotes
1. SCP-████, SCP-████, and SCP-████

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Jun 2019 13:27
            
            Edit
+119)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Igor
                      
              Independent Generation of Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteca Digital Curt Nimuendajú
                      
              línguas e culturas indígenas sul-americanas
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UCSD Grad Students
                      
              ...the information exchange and virtual community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Latin Dictionary
                      
              Where Latin meets English
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

