                        

The aftermath of Incident SCP-2581-73, photographed in 20██

Item #:  SCP-2581

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As the originating cause of SCP-2581 has not been identified, pre-emptive containment of SCP-2581-X incidents is not presently possible. Containment personnel shall use operatives within Foundation-managed holding companies and analysis of conventional and social media to investigate reports of offensive or vandalized greeting cards for possible SCP-2581-X outbreaks. Confirmed incidents shall be contained through temporary closure of affected premises for the duration of anomalous effects, under the pretense of building maintenance or health code violations.

Foundation-related holding companies with retail assets shall promote digital and social-media alternatives to physical greeting cards and encourage policies of gradual reduction of floor space dedicated to greeting-card sales, in order to reduce the number of possible vectors for SCP-2581.

SCP-2581-41 is contained at Site-28 in a facsimile of a typical retail greeting-card aisle, which shall be kept stocked with greeting cards in sufficient quantities to sustain the incident. SCP-2581-41 shall be examined by research staff every eight hours to record the content of affected cards and measure the extent of the outbreak. Affected cards shall gradually be removed, incinerated and replaced with new cards in order to keep the proportion of affected cards below fifty percent at all times.

Description:  SCP-2581 is the phenomenon which generates incidents of SCP-2581-X, which are individually designated as SCP-2581-1 through SCP-2581-141 as of the date of this log (██/██/2014). While the originating cause of SCP-2581-X outbreaks is unknown, all incidents have been recorded in concentrations of commercial greeting cards that reach a certain critical mass; the smallest recorded incident was recovered from a department store in [REDACTED] containing approximately 2300 cards, while the largest occurred in a shipping warehouse owned by the [REDACTED] Corporation, which contained over 3.7 million cards.

Incidents of SCP-2581-X are initiated when a single card spontaneously acquires a previously absent religious theme in the case of secular cards or adopts a different religious theme in the case of non-secular cards. Each incident of SCP-2581-X spreads themes related to a single religion, which is unique to that incident; each religion that has been recorded has not reappeared in any future incident. Early outbreaks of SCP-2581 primarily featured faiths with a history of religiously themed greeting cards, proselytizing traditions, and living practitioners. However, later outbreaks have increasingly featured religions that lack some or all of these traits, including several religions that do not correspond to any belief system known to exist in human history. Affected cards retain many basic traits of the original card, such as the general subject or event commemorated, the language and script of any text, and the style and scale of artwork.

Unaffected cards positioned close to an affected card will undergo conversion to the religion adopted by the initial affected card. Conversion requires a period of uninterrupted proximity or line of sight to an affected card ranging from an observed minimum of twelve minutes to a maximum of six hours, after which transformation is instantaneous. This process proceeds in order of physical proximity; cards will convert their immediate neighbors before affecting more distant cards. In the absence of immediate neighbors, cards will convert any card within line of sight. Conversion distance is extremely limited without a direct line of sight, with an observed maximum of 1.2 meters.

Approximately 48 hours after exhausting all avenues of further conversion, all affected greeting cards spontaneously disappear. Attempts to identify the destination of affected cards with embedded tracking beacons have produced no results. A small proportion (roughly one in two thousand) of greeting cards are unaffected by SCP-2581 and are left behind by the disappearance of affected cards. Research is ongoing to identify common factors present in cards that have demonstrated immunity to SCP-2581-X outbreaks.

SCP-2581-41 is an incident contained on ██/██/20██, in a ██████ gift shop in [REDACTED], United Kingdom, after a customer complaint alerted a Foundation agent posted in a senior management position at ██████ for observation of [DATA EXPUNGED]. Foundation operatives closed the shop and secured all greeting cards present in the store. The confiscated cards were airlifted to SCP-2581-41's current containment location at Site-28, during which 92% of cards were found to contain messages relating to the traditional religion of the Akan people of Ghana and the Ivory Coast.
Addendum: 

+PartialSCP-2581-X-03

-Hide

Incident:  SCP-2581-13

Sample Card 01 Initial Message: 

A photograph of an open Bible - 

Sample Card 01 Final Message: 

A photograph of an open Torah scroll - 

Sample Card 02 Initial Message: 

Outside: A gold outline of a rose - 

Inside: A gift card for groceries from ████████ Stores - 

Sample Card 02 Final Message: 

Outside: A gold outline of a rose wrapped around a Star of David - 

Inside: A gift card for kosher groceries from ████████ Stores - 

Sample Card 03 Initial Message: 

Outside: A 1960s-era vintage photograph of two bikini-clad teenage girls on a beach - 

Inside: 

Sample Card 03 Final Message: 

Outside: A 1960s-era vintage photograph of two teenage girls on a beach, dressed in concealing bathing suits conforming to Haredi Orthodox Jewish codes of modesty. A fully clothed older man who appears to be the girls' father watches them from nearby - 

Inside: Identical message
附加记录：    

Incident:  SCP-2581-52

Sample Card 01 Initial Message: 

Outside: A cartoon image of a house in a giant cardboard box with silhouettes visible inside the windows - 

Inside: No Image - 

Sample Card 01 Final Message: 

Outside: A cartoon image of a house in a giant cardboard box with silhouettes, angled to make the home's fireplace visible - 

Inside: A cartoon image of Vesta, Roman goddess of the hearth, holding a traditional cooking kettle over a fire. A socket is present where the sender may insert their own photograph instead of Vesta's face - 

Sample Card 02 Initial Message: 

Outside: A gold outline of the constellation Aquarius - 

Inside: 

Sample Card 02 Final Message: 

Outside: A gold outline of a slaughtered sheep with its liver removed and prominently displayed - 

Inside: 

Sample Card 03 Initial Message: 

An oil painting of a staircase set into the clouds ascending toward an archetypical Abrahamic image of Heaven - 

Sample Card 03 Final Message: 

An oil painting of an idyllic natural landscape. The land appears well lit, but the sky is dark and lacks a sun or clouds - Identical poem, except that the third line reads 
附加记录：    

Incident:  SCP-2581-116

Sample Card 01 Initial Message: 

Outside: A young father teaching his young son to fish in a boat - 

Inside: The same father and son, aged twenty years older, fishing in the same boat - 

Sample Card 01 Final Message: 

Outside: A young father teaching his young son how to use a puppet - 

Inside: The same son, aged twenty years older, but without the father. A skeletal, translucent figure resembling the father moves the son with puppet strings from above - 

Sample Card 02 Initial Message: 

Outside: A cartoon of an old woman winking - 

Inside: A cartoon of a wineglass, confetti, and several cats - 

Sample Card 02 Final Message: 

Outside: A cartoon of an old woman pointing directly at the reader - 

Inside: A black-and-white image of a cast iron gate - 

Sample Card 03 Initial Message: 

A pastel image of a little girl running to her mother - 

Sample Card 03 Final Message: 

A black and white image of several children running to a tall, hooded white figure silhouetted against a black cloud - 
附加记录：    

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  LoneCardSmall.jpg

Author:  Kandarin

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Aug 2020 05:18
            
            Edit
+214)
Tags
Discuss (33)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Vanguard Rider
                      
              CARDFIGHT!! Vanguard English Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Stiftelsen SCP
                      
              FORSIKRE-FORVARE-FORSVARE / FÖRSÄKRA-FÖRVARA-FÖRSVARA
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Rhetorical Goddess Wiki
                      
              Because the Truth and That Which Resembles It Belong to the Same Capacity
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Psychology (PSYC 101)
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

