                        

Item #:  SCP-2380

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2380 is to be kept in Containment Locker 2380 at Site-39, with access barred to all personnel with a clearance level under three (3). In the event of any breach in containment, Junior Researcher Østergaard is to be taken into protective custody by security personnel until containment is restored. Outside of controlled testing environments, bare-skin contact is not to be made with SCP-2380, and protective equipment is to be used at all times.

Description:  SCP-2380 is a human left kidney, a genetic match to one ████████ Østergaard, a Junior Researcher at Site-39 in ███████, Denmark. Neither the internal nor external structure of SCP-2380 bears any notable deviations from that of an average human kidney. The cells of SCP-2380 do not differ from non-anomalous human kidney cells in any detectable way. All tissue remains healthy, however, despite the lack of blood flow to or from the object.

SCP-2380 exhibits both a passive and active anomalous effect. Passively, SCP-2380 constantly rotates by currently unknown means, such that its superior pole is pointing toward Junior Researcher Østergaard at all times. The active anomalous effects of SCP-2380 manifest when it is held or touched with bare skin by any human subject apart from Junior Researcher Østergaard. Upon touching SCP-2380, the subject, henceforth designated SCP-2380-1, will attempt to implant SCP-2380 into Junior Researcher Østergaard by any means available. If surgical instruments or other sharp implements are accessible, instances of SCP-2380-1 will make use of them, but those affected have been observed to attempt the implantation without any tools or instruments of any kind.

Worth noting is that Junior Researcher Østergaard is still in possession of both of his kidneys, which appear to be healthy and fully functional. It is not known at this time what instances of SCP-2380-1 would do with Junior Researcher Østergaard's current left kidney if his abdominal cavity was successfully accessed.

Upon removal of the kidney from the possession of affected SCP-2380-1 individuals, the active anomalous effects of SCP-2380 will cease until it again comes into contact with exposed human skin. Previously affected SCP-2380-1 individuals will express a lack of awareness of their actions, but possess the notion that, while affected, they were attempting to implant  using proper medical procedure (surgical scrubs, sterilized medical equipment, designated operating theater, etc.). This belief is maintained by SCP-2380-1 individuals with and without prior surgical experience, as well as SCP-2380-1 individuals without prior knowledge of Østergaard's identity. No other anomalous or abnormal effects have been noted in former SCP-2380-1 individuals, nor in Junior Researcher Østergaard himself.

Recovery:  SCP-2380 was discovered by Junior Researcher Østergaard, resting on his desk in Research Sector █ of Site-39, the morning of ██/██/2011. Security footage from the morning of ██/██ and the preceding night do not show any evidence of entry into Research Sector █ before Østergaard's arrival. Investigation of Østergaard provides no evidence that he was in any way aware of the existence of SCP-2380, nor anything anomalous regarding his kidneys, prior to the morning of ██/██.

Upon the arrival of Dr. ███████, Østergaard's immediate supervisor, SCP-2380 was picked up, and manifested its anomalous effects. Dr. ███████ grabbed a letter opener from a nearby desk and proceeded to pursue Østergaard through the hallway until apprehended by security personnel. At this time, SCP-2380 fell to the ground and its effects ceased. As Dr. ███████ was taken into custody, SCP-2380 was retrieved by Officer █████, making the object's anomalous properties known when he attempted to breach Junior Researcher Østergaard's abdominal cavity with a paperclip.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                tactile
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 11:35
            
            Edit
+219)
Tags
Discuss (40)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Sky Remains
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Frontman Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Лекциите на ФМИ
                      
              За да изглеждаме умни пред другите
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nirn
                      
              The Nirn Project
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

