                        

Item #:  SCP-1090

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The item is currently kept in a generic headphone case and can be safely stored alongside similarly contained items. Storage near non-anomalous listening-devices is not recommended. The item may only be removed for approved testing.

Description:  SCP-1090 has the appearance of a set of cordless headphones. Two irregularly shaped, highly polished stones (superficially resembling black basalt) are attached in place of conventional earpieces. The headband is white, with flexible joints allowing for size adjustment. A blue dot marked with a white .

It is unclear how the stones have been fused to the rest of the device, and both headband and earpieces have proven resistant to conventional cutting tools. Results from radiography of the object have been inconclusive.

When a subject places SCP-1090 over the ears in the fashion of conventional headphones, they report hearing music or distinctive sounds. This  reports indicate that the stones remain oddly cool to the touch.

Testing suggests that the longer an individual is exposed to SCP-1090, the more unusual and lasting the psychological and sensory after-effects. The upper-limit of exposure before permanent psychological and sensory damage has yet to be determined; new researchers are cautioned to increase the time of exposure by no more than seconds (see Dr. Rhys for a proposed algorithm).

As the sounds reported are so far unique to the subject wearing the device, researchers are encouraged to review Experiment Logs Series 1 for details.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+Experiment1

-close

Note:  Series 1 Logs describe the initial series of experiments conducted by Dr. S█████. For ongoing experiments, and data contributed by other researchers, see Series 2.

Log 01/02/██

Subject/s:  D-Class female; age 22

Procedure:  Subject seated in a sound-proof room and instructed to place SCP-1090 over her ears, removing it when signalled by a red light.

Duration:  Two minutes.

Results: 

Subject looked surprised upon placing the device over her ears, but made no attempt to remove it. She appeared to be focusing intently, and failed to react to the flashing red light until ten additional seconds had passed. Subject seemed ill-at-ease when questioned about the experience; possibly simple nervousness.

Subject described clear and pervasive music, which seemed to “be playing before I put them on it sounded like the middle of the song.” The “song” was described as a children’s choir, singing in a foreign language. “It was probably, like, Asian or something. Kind of creepy, actually.”
附加记录：    

Log 01/02-08/██

Subject/s:  D-0886 (male; 38), D-0423 (male; 24), D-1002 (female; 31), and junior researcher M██

Procedure:  Each subject seated in a sound-proof room and instructed to place SCP-1090 over his/her ears, removing it when signalled by a red light. In the case of D-1002, a loud bell tone was substituted for the light.

Duration:  Two minutes.

Results: 

D-0886: Reported hearing guitars playing several melodies at once. “Weird shit. Like Hendrix in a fucking mirror house.”

D-0423: Heard a low sustained note, “Like a stringed bass”, followed by a melody he described as a poor bass solo. “But played badly on purpose, you know?” Subject seemed fixated on this idea, and would have prolonged the interview for several hours to explain himself.

D-1002: Though subject had been informed that a tone would sound to signal the end of the test, she was unresponsive to the sound, despite its loud volume. After an additional fifteen seconds, the red light was flashed, and she removed the device. Subject appeared dazed, and did not respond to questioning until nearly fifteen minutes had passed.

Subject eventually reported: “I think it was my cat it sounded just like my cat. He was singing a song to me. About fish.”

Note:  As none of the subjects testing the item have been physically harmed, we've given M██ permission to try it out. -Dr. S█████
附加记录：    

Junior researcher M██: 
附加记录：    

Log 02/04/██

Subject/s:  Dr. S█████

Procedure:  As of 2/03/██, the D-Class subjects of previous tests have shown no immediate or cumulative signs of injury. Dr. S█████ volunteered herself as a test subject, and the original experiment was replicated without incident.

Duration:  Two minutes

Results: 

Subject reported a low, sustained drone for the first thirty seconds, which slowly increased in volume. This was reportedly accompanied by a sense of expectancy. The subject expressed doubt that she would have removed the device in those first seconds, even if instructed to do so. She described the droning sound eventually diverging into a series of random notes, resembling electronic music.

Dr. S█████ reported than the  faded into silence, immediately before the two minute light flashed. She has expressed interest in repeating the experiment.
附加记录：    

Log 02/05/██

Subject/s:  D-███ ([REDACTED]), D-2101 (male; 22), D-4040 (male; 56)

Procedure:  Subject is seated in a room (not sound-proof) and instructed to place the object over their ears; flashing red light signals removal.

Duration:  Eight minutes

Results: 

D-███: After the first two minutes, the subject was seen to raise both hands and press them over the earpieces. The subject's description of the [REDACTED].

D-2101: Subject displayed a reaction similar to D-1002, failing to respond to the flashing light for nearly three minutes, and remaining in a complacent and insensible state for close to an hour after the test's conclusion. Subject reported hearing 

D-4040: Subject displayed growing unease while wearing the device, and removed it promptly when the light flashed. When asked to describe his experience, subject refused to say more than, 

Addendum:  D-███ was recently terminated while [REDACTED]. An overseeing agent alerted us that, ten hours before recorded time of death, D-███ made several requests to use SCP-1090. When this request was denied, D-███ displayed considerable emotional distress.

Addendum 02/08/██:  Both D-2101 and D-4040 have reported nearly identical symptoms to research personnel; it must be noted that neither subject has been allowed contact with the other since the end of their respective tests. Both report that the . Unlike normal instances of cognitive itch, they claim the sounds are changing, and growing progressively louder.

Note:  As the primary psychiatric consultant for this research team, it is my request that no further experimentation take place until a  of exposure is determined. -Dr. Rhys
附加记录：    

UPDATE 02/24/██

A series of experiments to determine the  scheduled terminations postponed as necessary.

Addendum:  D-2101 and D-4040, subjects of preceding experiments, continued to complain of  both were observed to have trouble sleeping, and spoke loudly in interviews, as if compensating for poor hearing. All subjects of the Safe Range tests who were exposed to the device for more than seven minutes have since reported nearly identical symptoms.

Addendum:  D-4040 was found deceased after a violent altercation with D-3██; witness accounts, while their reliability is questionable, all made some reference to D-4040's symptoms. All similarly-afflicted subjects have been restricted from D-class common areas.

See Incident Report 1090-1.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                stone
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Nov 2019 14:39
            
            Edit
+115)
Tags
Discuss (50)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Oblivion Reloaded :: UO Shard
                      
              oblivion reloaded shard
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Procedural Content Generation Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sistemas Digitales
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

