                        

My lab! I make dinosaurs and truckasaurus and all kinds of stuff.

Item #:  SCP-8231-J

Object Class:  Keter SUPER APOLLYON

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-8231-J is kept in my lab with my toys! only i can play with him and hes my friend now.

Description:  SCP-8231-J is the coolest t-rex. it has wings for arms and likes to fight crime and stomp hard. it also can talk and think because i made it very smart.

sometimes it gives me piggy-back rides.

By Researcher James, Age 10

Addendum:  Audio logs 8231-J-1 to -3

Dr. James:  Wake up, wake up, wake up, Mr. T-rex!

SCP-8231-J:  What? Where am I? Who the Oh my god, what happened to me?

Researchr James:  I made you!

SCP-8231-J:  Where’s my wife? Oh, no, no  what am I?

Dr. James:  Dinosaurs don’t get married, stupid. Even if they’ve got some people in them. Also regular lizards! I found them outside last year at school.

SCP-8213-J:  This is impossible. How long has it been I can’t remember her face. Jesus, help me!

Dr. James:  Dinosaurs went extinct a billion years ago.

SCP-8213-J:  What happened to my arms? What are these? Wings!?

Dr. James:  Yeah! You're a flying T-rex now!

SCP-8231-J:  I'm what? But I don't know how to fly! I don’t want to be a dinosaur!

Dr. James:  And you're going to fight with other monsters!

SCP-8231-J:  I don’t want to fight anyone! Just kill me! I shouldn’t be alive! I’ll—

Dr. James:  Here, fight this monster truck! (Gate of containment chamber draws up and a large monster truck rolls in, driven by Dr. Breen.)

SCP-8231-J:  How am I supposed to fight a monster truck!?

Dr. James:  3 Go!

SCP-8231-J:  Oh god that thing is huge! I can’t. Please. Please stop this.

Dr. James:  Dodge it Mr. T-rex!

SCP-8231-J:  MAYBE I WOULD IF THESE WINGS WEREN'T IN THE WAY! (SCP-8231-J is hit by the truck and knocked unconscious)
附加记录：    

Dr. James:  You have to brush before we go play outside , Mr. T-Rex.

SCP-8231-J:  I haven’t seen real sunlight in so long. None of us have. Just let me suffer in peace.

Dr. James:  Nuh-uh! Gerald got to go real close to the sun last week.

SCP-8231-J:  You’re talking about that poor monkey you stuffed full of galvanized nails? He didn’t deserve that.  Shit.

Dr. James:  Wet Willy isn’t grumpy either.

SCP-8231-J:  The jam jar that’s I envy him.

Dr. James:  This is boring. I’m falling asleep. Will you carry me back??

SCP-8231-J:  No. Know why? I HAVE NO FUCKING ARMS.
附加记录：    

Dr. James:  Today you're going to fly Mr. T-rex!

SCP-8231-J:  Okay, first of all, I don't know how to fly! Second of all, you're a monster dressed like a 10 year old kid in a lab coat. I can’t unsee the fucking shit abandoned by god you’ve wrought down there!

Dr. James:  You shouldn't swear Mr. T-rex!

SCP-8231-J:  I’ll do worse than that. I’ll expose you! HELP! ANYONE! This kid has a laboratory full of dead— (Dr. James activates SCP-8231-J's shock collar)

Dr. James:  Ok, Mr. T-Rex, fly and you can eat people food today!

SCP-8231-J:  But (Loud cry, possibly of frustration)

Dr. James:  Just flap your wings! I believe in you!

SCP-8231-J:  Okay okay. (Loud snapping noise) AARGH OH GOD! OH NO! AH, OH MY GOD I THINK I SNAPPED BOTH BONES NO NO [REDACTED FOR BREVITY]

Dr. James:  I'll get you another band-aid.
附加记录：    

Dr. James:  Can I have a piggyback ride?

SCP-8231-J:  Get away from me.

Dr. James:  You’re being mean again.

SCP-8231-J:  Mean? MEAN!? You turned me into an abomination, gave me wings for arms, and they don't even work! I’m tortured by memories of a life that might not even have been mine. I can't do anything cause these stupid wing things trip me on everything. Not that there’s anywhere to go locked in your dungeon. Are you even really a kid? Why can I talk? WHY DO I EVEN EXIST?

Dr. James:  So no piggyback?
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Aug 2019 13:05
            
            Edit
+85)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chancel Aleph
                      
              A Nobilis Fansite
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            2012hoax
                      
              Debunking the 
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            .flow
                      
              Rusting Away
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            地下黑市
                      
              属于闲人的社区
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

