                        

Item #:  SCP-2098

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  All containment efforts are directed towards surveillance of Prime Susceptibility Communities and rapid mobilization of venue disruption teams upon confirmation of a SCP-2098 Phase 2 event.

Site-23's two dedicated PSC-2098 monitoring team members are to maintain media oversight of yet-unaffected Prime Susceptibility Communities as their sole function. GenStat Team 88-Bartleby is to maintain the ongoing global media search procedures for SCP-2098 activity outside of Prime Susceptibility Communities at a Priority 3 in their duty cycle (to be altered as necessary by site management, RAISA, or O5 mandate).

Containment teams stationed in active SCP-2098 communities are to monitor and maintain an accurate record of all instances of  and intervene to prevent virulent behaviors in any SCP-2098 vectors. SCP-2098-Red vectors should be taken into custody under the guise of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and remanded to Site-23 for analysis and disposal. Containment teams are to use standard hearing protection when attempting to contain any potential SCP-2098-Red vector.

Local monitoring teams are to be stationed in any community affected by a SCP-2098 event, regardless of whether or not disruption was successful. Expanded local mass media surveillance (to include delivery methods such as skywriting, smartphone-based advertising, and faith-based community outreach) should continue indefinitely until further research determines the long-term effects of event exposure on community susceptibility.

Sanctioned venue disruption can range from simply renting the facility/space in question to making it permanently uninhabitable in extreme cases. Venue disruption has proven effective in preventing 100% of SCP-2098 events detected before Phase 3 begins. This requires a minimum of resources or long-term intervention in most cases. All available notifications (banners, flyers, posters, pamphlets, videotapes, etc.) of an SCP-2098 event are to be collected following its conclusion regardless of its success or failure.

Description:  SCP-2098 is most easily understood as a  Saint Simon's Day every calendar day within twenty-six (26) years, resulting in an XB-Class Perceptive Restructuring Scenario.

To date, all communities experiencing an SCP-2098 event have been located in American-held states and territories which do not observe Daylight Savings Time, and have been in existence as distinct civic entities no earlier than January 1st, 1969. Communities meeting these criteria are designated Prime Susceptibility Communities. There is currently no evidence of an SCP-2098 event occurring prior to 1969, though research is ongoing to determine if the SCP-2098 effect is new and unique only to this geographic/legislative region, or if it exists/has existed with differing parameters elsewhere. Though events have thus far only taken place in this limited range, SCP-2098-Red vectors can easily transmit infection to communities and individuals outside this zone. Due to Foundation intervention, no documented infection has yet taken root outside of a Prime Susceptibility Community.

SCP-2098 phenomena proceed along a currently predictable course:

Phase 1  - SCP-2098 will begin to manifest in a target community through altered signage/advertising for a local gathering. This will invariably include some iteration of the phrase . Targeted events are always community-wide in scope with no formal invitation required (such as a race, festival, fair, or parade). SCP-2098 will progressively co-opt such a community event over the course of two to thirty days (see list of previous instances).

At this phase, only a single media outlet may be affected, and the naming convention may not yet be consistent or logical.

+Activity

-Activity

In event 2098-6, flyers for the Chino Valley, Arizona Firemen's Association Pancake Breakfast were affected 12 days before the event date to read alternatively: .

The words  in promotional materials are thus far the only commonalities between announcements for SCP-2098 events at this phase. Containment teams are to verify a shift to Phase 2 before attempting any form of intervention as targeted venues and event types have shifted randomly during Phase 1, leading to confusion and loss of containment. There is currently no reliable protocol for effective neutralization of an SCP-2098 event during Phase 1.

Phase 2  - 48 hours before the event date, all promotional materials for the event will alter to include a consistent iteration of  in their title. In addition, the venue will be consistent across these materials, and they will specify a duration of 12pm to 4pm without exception. Widespread perceptive anomalies will first manifest in the affected community during Phase 2, with 100% of residents possessing accurate but unsourced knowledge of the event date, duration, venue, and name. There appears to be no accompanying compulsion to attend the event despite this knowledge. Unless the venue is rendered unavailable, the scheduled community gathering will take place in accordance with the time and date indicated on the SCP-2098-altered media. Venue disruption is the only currently proven means of preventing an SCP-2098 event.

+Activity

-Activity

In event 2098-7, seven out of fifteen community members interviewed reported to have seen anomalous promotional materials during Phase 1, but could not reliably say what the advertised event constituted or when it was. 48 hours before the consistently advertised Phase 2 event date, 100% of interviewees confirmed the date, venue, time, and nature of the event as the co-opted event was a chili cookoff.

Phase 3  - At 12:01:01 PM on the confirmed date, an SCP-2098 event will enter Phase 3. All persons within the designated community event boundaries will cease voluntary movement for precisely sixteen minutes and sixteen seconds (ending 12:17:17 PM local time). Non-human life is not affected by SCP-2098 events. If observed at a range closer than 15 meters during this time, the observer will enter the event boundaries and be affected accordingly.

Although close-range medical tests are not possible, viewing from minimum safe distance indicates that 2098-affected individuals continue to respirate and blink normally for the duration of the stasis. Mild to moderate physical interaction from a non-human entity or outside force will break this stasis, causing the affected individual(s) to fall prone and collapse into a fully unconscious state that will last until the cessation of the event at 12:17:17 PM local time.

Phase 4  - At 12:17:17 PM local time, the event enters Phase 4. All affected individuals will leave stasis (including those who may have been rendered unconscious and prone due to outside forces) and return to their homes by whatever means they arrived at the venue. While affected individuals will not violently resist attempts to interfere with their return to their homes, should one individual affected by SCP-2098 be detained, the remaining affected subjects will come to their aid and attempt to remove whatever persons or obstacles are preventing the individual from returning to their home.

+Activity

-Activity

In event 2098-4, an attempt was made to quarantine the entire venue (a local veteran's meeting hall) to observe affected subjects. Despite door barricades and non-lethal deterrents, the two hundred and sixty-four (264) affected subjects would or could not respond to questioning and took any opportunity available to attempt to exit the premises and return to their residences, even if this resulted in their injury. After barricades were removed and the containment team allowed the affected individuals to leave, none of those later interviewed recalled their detention or anything other than a pleasant day at the . Note that the affected community had been in existence for less than three years, and the physically prepared event was a silent auction for a local charity.

In event 2098-5, the entire affected populace was quarantined under the guise of a Valley Fever outbreak. The Pyrrhus protocol was authorized and its use effectively neutralized the spread of the localized SCP-2098 infection. After Ethics Committee review, this containment method has been disallowed.

Phase 5  - The final phase of an SCP-2098 event transitions the affected populace into two distinct vector classes (Green and Red) within 6 hours of return to their homes. If prevented from returning to their homes, vector classes manifest within 1-2 hours, making community inventory and maintenance far more practical if the populace is permitted to return to their homes during Phase 4. This is current SOP for non-disrupted events.

+Information

-Information

Individuals designated SCP-2098-Green (appended with specific event #) will consider the date of their SCP-2098 exposure event to be .

SCP-2098-Green vectors recall their exposure event date to have proceeded normally; they recall a full 4-5 hours of specific conversations and activities on their exposure date despite having experienced only sixteen minutes and sixteen seconds of linear time. Amnestic therapy has been successful in eliminating these fabricated memories, but the assertion that all past and future anniversaries of the event date are  remains with affected subjects. When presented with conflicting information regarding the existence of such a holiday, 2098-Green vectors express mild confusion, but retain their conviction regarding the anomalous date and will continue to act accordingly on subsequent anniversaries of their exposure date.

Children and (in two verified cases) grandchildren of 2098-Green vectors will refer to their parent's original exposure date as they are able to recall the same fabricated conversations and activities experienced by their parent on the initial exposure date with 100% accuracy.

Long-term monitoring has not established any further behavioral or perceptual disturbances in 2098-Green subjects or established a limit to how many generations it may persist within a family line.

+Information

-Information

SCP-2098-Red vectors are generated when an SCP-2098 event takes place on the affected subject's birthday. Current research indicates that 2098-Red vectors exhibit the following characteristics across all affected communities, though observation is limited and difficult pending updated contact procedures:

- SCP-2098-Red instances are constantly active, highly virulent vectors for SCP-2098 perceptive infection. If they are heard speaking by unaffected individuals at a range of closer than 15 meters for longer than approximately 120 seconds, such individuals will become 2098-Green instances; substituting the date of exposure with  and attendant phenomena. Audio/visual recordings of 2098-Red vectors do not retain this effect.

- SCP-2098-Red vectors can selectively omit existing holidays from widespread perception through extended public speaking. If allowed to speak for greater than a 1200-second threshold, any individuals (affected or unaffected) capable of hearing and understanding the 2098-Red vector will begin to replace knowledge of existing, culturally established holidays with the fabricated information regarding  concurrently without cognitive dissonance.

- SCP-2098-Red vectors will experience rapid atrophy of their memories and personality over the 36-hour period following their initial exposure event. They retain no memory of their previous identity at 48 hours. After this time, the 2098-Red vector will consider themselves to be the eponymous , and work exhaustively to make themselves visible and heard by as many people as possible. No biographical information regarding this identity has been established as 2098-Red instances proselytize incoherently almost constantly, and seem unaware of questions directed towards them. Amnestic therapy has not proven effective in restoring any functional memory within SCP-2098-Red vectors.

Addenda: 

+Research

-Research

On 4/17/1974, Foundation researchers requested access to the Vatican library records pertaining to the biblical/historical Saint Simon. These records were not made available until the 1983 Code of Canon Law revision was in place, which contained additional, unpublished Vatican provisions and guidelines for requests of this nature. After thorough examination of the released documents, no correlation was drawn between the biblical/historical personage of Saint Simon with any of the anomalous effects in question. However, records of heretical activities and subcultures affiliated with Saint Simon revealed a brief entry for the  founded by one Emmett Parsons of Tucson, Arizona circa 1968. Church records indicate that the group represented a confluence of drug culture and elementary hagiography, but a cursory investigation revealed little of interest to ecumenical authorities.

Emmett Parsons preached that his followers could . Further behaviors are standard for cult activity, emphasizing the commodification of women and unswerving loyalty to the founder.

Parsons appears again in a 1969 report of his murder at the hands of one of his 16 , Abigail Strough. This has led research to shift from Parsons to Strough. Notably, Abigail Strough received no prison sentence for the murder of Emmett Parsons, and Event 2098-1 commenced within one week of her release from custody.

+Bravo

-Bravo

Following Event 2098-17 in 2009, PSC-2098 Team Bravo re-opened investigation into Strough after learning she retains the deed to commune lands to this day under the  non-profit organization. Repeated calls to the organization's phone number return a voicemail message stating staff is out of the office in observance of Saint Simon's Day. Upgraded observation of site approved 9/21/2010. No confirmed sightings of Strough documented at this time.

As of disrupted 2098 event 15, naming conventions for co-opted events have altered from the standard nonsensical combinations of ritualized behavior and Catholic terminology. Analytics staff report the following pattern in recently-disrupted event names:

Event 2098-15: 

Event 2098-16: 

Event 2098-17: 

Event 2098-18: 

Event 2098-19: 

Event 2098-19, though successfully disrupted, was followed by the broadcast launch of a Tucson, Arizona public access television program entitled  staff and talent, though no explicit link between the two incidents is advertised through the site.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Apr 2018 07:31
            
            Edit
+158)
Tags
Discuss (32)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP財団
                      
              確保、収容、保護
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bloodborne
                      
              From Softwares new dark fantasy project. (Project Beast)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IC-FR Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox de lInsurrection du Chaos francophone
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

