                        

Item #:  SCP-243

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-243 is to be secured in the geometric center of a standard containment cell no less than 16 all exits to the cells are to be kept locked and guarded against unauthorized access.

No Eligible Group (more than 4 identical inanimate objects; see below) is permitted into the containment cell, nor any item capable of producing such a group, except as necessary for testing. Personnel entering the cell are subject to search  seizure of unauthorized multiples.

Objects animated by SCP-243 are to be removed to the adjacent room for study. Undesirable animated items are to be disposed of promptly, by incineration if appropriate. In the event that SCP-243 is applied to other SCP objects, or to other items of similar value, the  is to be separated and held in standard Safe- or Euclid-class inanimate item lockers until the effects wear off.

Following Incident 243-02, bringing Eligible Groups of weapons, easily weaponized objects, or dry-cell batteries into SCP-243's containment is strictly forbidden.

Description:  SCP-243 is a mass of small dry-cell batteries, all fused at their negative terminals into an ellipsoid approximately 30cm diameter. The arrangement is semi-fluid: the batteries may be rearranged by applying gentle pressure, though it is far more difficult to remove them from the central cylinder.

SCP-243's unusual properties manifest when an Eligible Group of objects is brought into its active zone, an area of indeterminate shape extending no more than 7.3 items are those that a casual observer cannot easily distinguish based on attributes other than overall color.

Eligible Group members animate when brought into the active zone, displaying unusual flexibility and powers of levitation and locomotion. They acquire a few basic instincts, including self-preservation and variously complex flocking behavior. Object flocks range from simple separation-alignment-cohesion groups, like flocks of birds or shoals of fish, to aggregates involving role specialization and formation of discrete subunits. Animated objects also, secondarily to flocking, tend to behave in ways thematically appropriate to an object of their type: umbrellas form large shades, chairs make themselves available as seating, knives seek out objects to cut, etc.

An item separated from the  at this point, reuniting it with its group renders it animate again. 25 minutes after going dormant, it becomes permanently inanimate, losing all unusual properties and reverting to a normal object of its type. Whether intact or missing members, a flock de-animates permanently 24 +/- 2 hours after initial exposure to SCP-243. Flocks displaying complex shoaling behavior frequently fuse upon deanimation into aggregates representative of that behavior.

Addendum:  SCP-243 came to the Foundation's attention following a series of suspicious incidents involving █████ Animation Studios. The unusually fluid,  motion depicted in the cartoons produced would not ordinarily have attracted attention, but [DATA EXPUNGED] every desk lamp in the facility [DATA EXPUNGED]. The effects wore off in the usual 24 hours. Class-A amnestics were administered to the animators involved and their families, all of whom remain under surveillance. Future █████ productions are to be monitored carefully for evidence of further interference.

Addendum 2:  Given the release of █████ Animation Studios's film  prior to containment of SCP-243, in which a flamingo is one of several characters, it is currently hypothesized that SCP-243 may be a possible origin for SCP-1507 instances matches movement observed from the character in the film, and the effects of SCP-243 would explain the former's flocking behaviors. If SCP-243 is the origin of SCP-1507, it is currently unknown why SCP-1507 has yet to deanimate, or if it will deanimate in accordance to SCP-243's behavior in the future.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Apr 2020 01:51
            
            Edit
+235)
Tags
Discuss (47)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Scala Geography Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            World History/Physical Geo.
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Never Lands
                      
              Never Lands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

