                        

Cross-section of the human thigh.

Item #:  SCP-5465

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  To ensure that SCP-5465 does not manifest anomalous properties outside of the Foundation's control, a group of 365 D-Class personnel (hereinafter ) are to be placed within a seven day-based fitness regimen tailored solely towards the muscle groups of the upper body. The regimen's overall schedule is to be arranged so that each individual would begin their own specific session a day after another's, so that if the 1st D-Class were to start on January 1st, the 365th D-Class would begin on December 31st.1

All 5465-Catalysts are to be regularly exposed to an infra-sonic J-BRAVO auditory/behavioral-agent. In addition to its use in containment, the agent should prevent any individual from engaging in the following activities within their cell:

Doing squats, lunges, wall-sits, or any similar exercises.

Doing toe-touches, leg-crosses, butterfly-sits, or any similar stretches.

Extensive amounts of kicking.

Extensive amounts of jumping.

Extensive amounts of dancing.

Running for periods longer than five (5) minutes.

Walking for periods longer than twenty (20) minutes.

Standing upright for periods longer than twenty-five (25) minutes.

If such activity is observed, it is cause for an immediate Priority 2 alert.

Foundation Webcrawler SS-534 ).

Description:  SCP-5465 is the quadriceps femoris, an anomalous human muscle group located in the anterior compartment of the thigh. SCP-5465 comprises four muscles (rectus femoris, and vasti lateralis, medialis, and intermedius). SCP-5465's non-anomalous function is knee extension, and the rectus femoris additionally performs non-anomalous4 hip flexion.

SCP-5465's anomalous function is conjectured to be a paraphysical . Human paraphysical capability is notoriously inconsistent (q.v. Wisniewski's classic study), and the working theory attributes this, at least in part, to widespread underdevelopment of SCP-5465. The crux of the theory is that human paraphysical capability is derived from a specieswide gestalt5, and that SCP-5465 development facilitates both parakinesiological attunement to this gestalt and, as a consequence, the development of the gestalt itself.

SCP-5465-1 are anomalous recordings of popular  tracks often played on gym sound systems or the personal media players of gymgoers. Under the influence of SCP-5465-1, subjects are prone to greater focus on the lower body in exercise, especially SCP-5465 itself. SCP-5465-1 influence also radically accelerates specifically the parakinesiological development of SCP-5465. Non-anomalous physical muscle development of SCP-5465 is only slightly accelerated, but parakinesiological attunement is around fifty times faster.

Parakinesiological containment researchers have devised a procedure using 5465-Catalysts to disrupt the specieswide gestalt. The widespread practice of neglecting lower-body exercise in exercise programs had left the gestalt in advanced atrophy until the development of SCP-5465-1. By reverse-engineering SCP-5465-1, containment researchers developed the J-BRAVO disruption agent, which promotes neglect of, rather than attention to, lower body exercise. When employed as per the Special Containment Procedures, the use of 5465-Catalysts subject to J-BRAVO effectively suppresses the development of the gestalt.

History:  The discovery of SCP-5465 has been a paradigm shift in parakinesiology.7

 services. They were largely unsuccessful at strengthening the gestalt until their development of SCP-5465-1. SCP-5465-1 was uploaded to various video and music sites, but did not achieve notable reach until somehow swapped in for existing media files on popular Spotify workout and exercise playlists.

The source of the resulting increase in parakinesiological activity across the world was not difficult to trace, as identical tracks were available openly on the YouTube channel of  proved fruitless. Provisional containment was established around six weeks after the Spotify uploads.

Given the breakthroughs in the science of parakinesiology occasioned by their activities, members of  are considered high-value targets for involuntary recruitment.

Footnotes
1. An additional D-Class is to be added to the group during leap-years.
2. Examples include  by Queen.
3. Such as .
4. presumed, but see also Galloway, C. (2018), , scpXiv:1801.00415
5. The genetic range of individuals associated with this gestalt is unclear, but includes at least the Homo genus.
6. Generally referred to as  before said paradigm shift.
7. Formerly . Under their earlier name, they focused on largely wrongheaded attempts at creating substitutes for anabolic steroids with classical alchemy. After their discovery of SCP-5465's properties, they renamed themselves in honor of a quotation from Friedrich Nietzsche's Thus Spake Zarathustra.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  Gray432_color.png

Author:  Henry Vandyke Carter

License:  public domain

Source Link:  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gray432_color.png

Additional Notes:  Plate 432 from Gray's Anatomy
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Jul 2020 16:00
            
            Edit
+60)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר בע
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Porsche Wiki
                      
              Brought to You By RedLine Technik | RedLineTechnik.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CST 133 A
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikistória
                      
              A enciclopédia de História feita por estudantes
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

