                        

He’s so sad. :(

Item #:  SCP-723-J

Object Class  :

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-723-J is to be contained in the second-floor experimental lab utility closet. As SCP-723-J is allowed to roam this area freely, personnel entering the area are to remain vigilant. Retrieving SCP-723-J from within premises () is a low-priority exercise, to be given only to unoccupied wranglers.

Description:  SCP-723-J is a Periplaneta americana (American cockroach) believed to be of advanced age, possessing characteristic downwards-slanted antennae.

SCP-723-J's anomaly manifests in the deep, unstated emotional turmoil that researchers have observed in its behavior. Individuals who monitor SCP-723-J are able to intuit its past experiences, with little explanation of how they received this information. Though a low percentage of personnel members are immune to this effect, various responses have been generated regarding perceptions of SCP-723-J and its accompanying ability (see following partial list of qualitative observational log SCP-723-J-13: personnel responses):

Dr. █████: He must be in a rough spot if he’s hanging out in the lab areas. It’s too cold for his species in there. I hope he finds his way outside where he belongs.
附加记录：    

Dr. ██████: I felt bad for him since he seemed so lonely. I’ve actually never seen another bug in here, so I guess he must have lost his family. Maybe his mate too, if he had one. Poor guy.
附加记录：    

Jr. Researcher ███: I think that maybe the roach's sister had roach syphilis and the roach tried to save her but he couldn't crawl fast enough and now the roach lives forever because that way the roach sister lives on. As a feeling in his roach heart.
附加记录：    

Researcher █████: Maybe when he was a roach larva Roy Orbison was his hero because whenever his mom and dad fought he would run to his corner and watch Roy Orbison on the TV so he wouldn't hear them yelling. And one day his parents fought so loud that Sad Roach ran away and bought a bus ticket to Nashville to learn guitar like Roy Orbison. But when he got there the music teacher took one look at him and said that he could never play guitar because he had six legs and no hands or fingers. And he went to live in a diner and waits for the radio to play one more Roy Orbison song and thinks about what a fool he's been because he can't play guitar because he is a roach.
附加记录：    

Technician ███████: I saw it on my keyboard yesterday and thought 
附加记录：    

Upon initial contact, SCP-723-J was found on a railing in Site-19 staff parking structure 39-K. Site maintenance was informed, but SCP-723-J disappeared during the time taken for dispatched personnel to arrive. SCP-723-J was later sighted in the second-floor laboratory rooms, and most frequently in the lab's utility closet. Staff has agreed per consensus to allow SCP-723-J to live out his dreams to be a janitor with the cleaning supplies, as it is a much better alternative to the roach motel he previously worked at and he needs some time away from his delinquent younger brother.

It is currently unknown how SCP-723-J manages to sustain itself, as all edibles in close proximity to its containment are held in secure storage. Nevertheless, SCP-723-J sightings remain a relatively common occurrence, though SCP-723-J has been observed to flee immediately upon confrontation.

Addendum:  Due to an accident caused by misunderstanding, SCP-723-J was involved in Incident 723-1. See excerpted log of incident:

Dr. ██████:  [extraneous dialogue removed] So how did the briefing go?

Agent ████:  Decently. I hang on, there's something under the cabinets.

Dr. ██████:  What? Which cabinet?

Agent ████:  The one with the snacks. Looks like a roach. I'll get it.

Dr. ██████:  Wait, that could be sad roach! [Agent ████ swiftly approaches and crushes SCP-723-J using standard Foundation-issue footwear] Be careful with sad roach!

Agent ████:  the cockroach that you and Dr. █████ were talking about last month, that neither of you could squish no matter how hard you tried? I just thought it was fast as hell and you couldn’t catch it. They're health hazards, you know.

Dr. ██████:  [pause] After all this time, that’s how he went out…

Agent ████:  If it makes you feel better, it was, uh, a worthy foe. But I'm just going to scrape this into the trash now.

Dr. ██████:  SAD ROACH NOOOOOOOOO
附加记录：    

As of ██/██/████, SCP-723-J is confirmed neutralized. Due to a perceived record of intense hardship, SCP-723-J was posthumously awarded the Dr. Blattodea Lifetime Achievement Award and the E-112 Marine Incineration Protocol. As Foundation interns were unable to fully retrieve SCP-723-J or its remains from the wastebin, the boot used during SCP-723-J's improvised non-emergency termination was burned following a brief, informal closed-shoebox ceremony. ██ personnel were in attendance.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Nov 2019 17:39
            
            Edit
+216)
Tags
Discuss (67)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Microbiology@Morningside
                      
              The wiki for students in BIO 252 at Morningside
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Metrix Create:Space
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FiredawnFolder
                      
              The not-quite Inner Circle but close enough
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores SCP-ES
                      
              Sitio de borradores para miembros de la Fundación SCP-ES
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

