                        

SCP-744.

Item #:  SCP-744

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Due to SCP-744's immobility, Containment Facility 744-A has been built around it. A two kilometer perimeter surrounding the area is blocked off with a concrete wall topped with concertina wire, and is monitored by security cameras. Guard posts located on the perimeter are to be manned by security personnel armed with standard field gear. Any items produced by SCP-744 are to be retained until they can be used.

Description:  SCP-744 is a large abandoned factory covering approximately 30 acres, located in ███████, WV. SCP-744 is only semi-operational, with most of the manufacturing equipment having either degraded to the point to where it no longer functions, or having been deliberately damaged by an unknown party at some point prior to SCP-744's containment. The portions of SCP-744 that are functional contain many types of manufacturing equipment that would normally not be associated with each other, including large industrial looms, automobile manufacturing equipment, and large pistons that do not seem to serve any purpose whatsoever. Current research at Containment Facility 744-A is dedicated to studying possible connections between these machines.

SCP-744's anomalous properties manifest once every 56 hours. During this time period, SCP-744 will activate its manufacturing equipment. While SCP-744 is active, it will actively use its manufacturing equipment to produce items [For a partial list of these items, see the Log of items produced by SCP-744]. All items manufactured by SCP-744 are moved via conveyor belt into a large antechamber which appears to have been designed to assemble them into one machine. This chamber is no longer functional. It is unknown where SCP-744 obtains the materials it uses to manufacture these items.

SCP-744-1 is a voice, calling itself ████ ██████. SCP-744-1 claims to be a production manager for SCP-744, and that it is in an undisclosed location within SCP-744. SCP-744-1 will attempt to communicate with any person who enters SCP-744 through the use of speakers which are located throughout SCP-744. These communications usually consist of SCP-744-1 attempting to convince the person that SCP-744 is a highly advanced manufacturing facility in need of minor repairs, and to convince the person that they should assist it in restoring SCP-744 so it can resume working towards its  the entity is either unable or unwilling to provide further details on this subject.

SCP-744 was discovered on ██/██/1954, when reports of a . As of ██/██/1961, SCP-744 has been classified as Euclid.

Log of items produced by SCP-744.

Manufacturing Port φ
Manufacturing 3cm galvanized nails at a rate of 100 every hour. Nails are of low quality, and most appear to be heavily degraded with rust and age.

Manufacturing Port ζ
Manufactures large steel beach umbrellas. Umbrellas are made of a variety of low-quality metals, and are usually heavily degraded. Produced at a rate of 1 every 11 hours.

Manufacturing Port η
Manufactures 0.3 x 0.5 x 0.3 meter blocks of steel. Steel is usually of high quality, and appears polished. Produced at a rate of 15 blocks per hour.

Manufacturing Port κ
Manufacturing 15cm iron bolts. Assembly line appears to have been damaged, as the bolts have severe manufacturing defects that render them unusable.

Manufacturing Port λ
Badly damaged, produces a constant stream of metal scrap. Scrap composition varies with samples ranging from bronze alloys matching the plating of SCP-1139.

Manufacturing Port ψ
Produces steel washers, 2cm thick, at a rate of 200 per hour.

Manufacturing Port ε
Produces High-Explosive Anti-Tank artillery shells at a rate of 300 per hour. Personnel should note that these shells are highly unstable due to manufacturing defects.

Addendum 744-A:  Log of communications with SCP-744-1. Interviews granted by SCP-744 have been very brief, due to SCP-744-1's uncooperative nature.

+744-A

-744-A

Interview 744-1-A 

Interviewed:  SCP-744-1

Interviewer:  Dr. B███

Foreword:  This interview was taken shortly after SCP-744's initial containment.

 

Dr. B███:  Can you please identify yourself?

SCP-744-1:  I'm ████, the production manager. I'm having a hell of a time, I can't find one of my so called  to help me finish this thing.

Dr. B███:  Finishwhat?

SCP-744-1:  None of your damn business what, what you should know is that it must be done, and we have to get it done soon to meet the production schedule.

Dr. B███:  I see

SCP-744-1:  So are you gonna get to work, or what?

Dr. B███:  Beg your pardon?

SCP-744-1:  These machines ain't gonna fix themselves, son. You have to get to work!

 

+744-B

-744-B

Interview 744-1-B 

Interviewed:  SCP-744-1

Interviewer:  Dr. B███

Foreword:  This interview was taken several months after Interview 744-A

 

Dr. B███:  Hello SCP-744-1, how are you today?

SCP-744-1:  Fine, fine, when are you bastards going to get to work? It's been months, and you barely made a dent in this place.

Dr. B███:  Your facility is very degraded, and you have refused to give us any assistance in discerning the machines' composition. Perhaps if you told us more

SCP-744-1:  Don't talk nonsense! I've told you everything you need to know. Any more information would compromise the nature of the purpose.

Dr. B███:  And that's another thing, you have yet to tell us what this  is. Can you elaborate?

SCP-744-1:  You know I can't tell you that, doctor. Just fix this place already.

 

+744-C

-744-C

Interview 744-1-C 

Interviewed:  SCP-744-1

Interviewer:  Dr. B███

Foreword:  This interview was taken two years after Interview 744-B.

 

Dr. B███:  Look, we've told you again and again, we don't know when the facility will be operational again. We have people working day and night-

SCP-744-1:  Bullshit you do! I see your people working, they don't do shit! You and your people have been lying to me, doctor. I don't appreciate being lied to.

Dr. B███:  Nobody is lying to you, we want to have this facility operational as much as you do.

SCP-744-1:  Don't think of me as a simpleton. I see how you react to the purpose. You don't know what it is, and it scares you.

Dr. B███:  Now if you could just tell us what the purpose is, maybe-

SCP-744-1:  No, let me tell you something, mister! All you scientists think you get what makes the world turn, and if you see something that you don't get, you try to lock it away. The world deserves to see the purpose, doctor, and you are impeding it. I would think you of all people understand the futility of standing in the way of progress.

Dr. B███:  Why can't you tell us?

SCP-744-1:  That defeats the real, awful truth of it all. You'll just have to help me so we can see it.

 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Mar 2020 19:44
            
            Edit
+118)
Tags
Discuss (75)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金會
                      
              控制，收容，保護
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Live Support
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Sandbox
                      
              Réservé aux auteurs et traducteurs du Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Paralelo
                      
              29 March - 2 April 2009
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

