                        

4510

Level3

Containment Class:
safe

Secondary Class:
none

Disruption Class:
keneq

Risk Class:
danger

link to memo

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aftermath of an SCP-4510-1 event.

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4510 has been moved to an internal Foundation domain. All testing is to take place in clear outdoor areas and must be approved by at least one Level 4 clearance personnel.

Description:  SCP-4510 refers to www.avelarexpressfirstclassprime.███, an online shopping website managed by a company referred to as .

SCP-4510's primary anomalous quality is its express shipping option. Upon selecting one or more items and proceeding to their cart, the shopper will have an opportunity to select the  Selecting this option and checking out the product will initiate an SCP-4510-1 event.

SCP-4510-1 events begin with an unmarked Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, hereby designated SCP-4510-1, spontaneously manifesting between 1 and 7 hours after an individual has selected the km before demanifesting.

Prior to its discovery and subsequent containment by the Foundation, SCP-4510 was in the custody of the United States Army. After containment of the website was achieved, the US Army refused to turn over their data regarding SCP-4510, allegedly to prevent a leak of national security. However, Foundation technicians were able to recover SCP-4510-1's final destination and cargo logs from SCP-4510.
Addendum 4510-1:  The following data was recovered from SCP-4510.

Shipping Location
Item(s) Delivered

Briton, England
200 envelopes, 15 inkjet ink cartridges

Kazan, Russia
2 staplers

Yorkton, Canada
13 paint brushes

Singapore, Republic of Singapore
52 pens, 32 embossed notecards

Jacksonville, United States
6 folders, 4 notebooks, 3 erasers, 10 mechanical pencils, 1 binder

Limmen, Australia
5 engraved nameplates

The Hague, Netherlands
26 writing pads, 26 lead pencils

Honolulu, United States
30 manilla folders

Achin, Afghanistan
1 pen

Al-Sukhnah, Syria
1 pen

Deir ez-Zur, Syria
1 pen

Rudbar, Afghanistan
1 pen

Maadan, Syria
1 pen

1
[REDACTED]

Addendum 4510-2:  During a routine test of SCP-4510, SCP-4510-1 was identified as having US Army markings matching that of a C-17 that was reported missing on 2/21/17 over southern Syria. A reconnaissance task force was deployed to FOB McArthur, which was located near the area of the aircraft's last known location. The task force performed a full search of the base, discovering what is believed to be SCP-4510-1 in the primary hanger. The task force was unable to gain access to the aircraft.

During the search, the task force also discovered a moderately-sized server farm within the barracks. Upon further inspection, the servers were found to be assembled partially using human muscle tissues, nervous systems, and skeletal systems. Foundation technicians have determined that the servers are used to host SCP-4510.

Addendum 4510-3:  After negotiating with the transfer of several minor anomalous objects into their custody, the US Army provided the following information about SCP-4510 and FOB McArthur:

After the destruction of a highrise in Honolulu, the US government looked into SCP-4510, and finding that it had generated a multitude of other civilian casualties, seized it. SCP-4510 was then moved to an internal US Government domain, where it was later used by Army personnel stationed at FOB McArthur to terminate high ranking members of terrorist cells within the Middle East. An email from Zamora_734 was sent to the officer in command of the base, warning that further use of SCP-4510 would result in disciplinary actions by Avelar Professional Products Inc.

The email was ignored by the officer, and SCP-4510-1 was later spotted over FOB McArthur. Contact with the base was lost soon after.

Footnotes
1. These coordinates correlate to Forward Operating Base McArthur, which was decommissioned by the US Army in late 2016.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 15:49
            
            Edit
+58)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

