                        

NOTICE FROM THE STELLAR CONGRESSIONAL PROTECTORATE OFFICE OF ARCHIVES

Following the destruction of SCP-4100, this file has been archived. The latest available draft of the file is awaiting publication.

A colorized representation of a radio transmission originating from SCP-4100. It is believed the  based their pictograms off of this image.

Planetary Catalog Designation:  SCP-4100

Threat Level:  0 Interstellar, 10 Surface-Bound

Resources:  High amounts of organic and inorganic carbon, very high amounts of salinated dihydrogen monoxide, assorted proto-Protectorate weaponry.

Special Control Protocols:  SCP-4100 is currently unsuited for permanent habitation. Due to the high content of dihydrogen monoxide on its surface and atmosphere, 19 satellites acting as water extraction facilities will be deployed in low SCP-4100 orbit. These satellites will siphon the salinated dihydrogen monoxide while minimizing risk to Protectorate workers.

The surface of SCP-4100 is currently home to several aquatic and terrestrial entities that possess a threat to Protectorate workers and citizens. As such, following the exhaustion of SCP-4100's dihydrogen monoxide, as well as any other relevant resources, it is to be quarantined.

Description:  SCP-4100 refers to the planet formerly known as Earth. SCP-4100 possesses a biosphere suitable for supporting carbon-based, oxygen-breathing life forms, but has little land mass suitable for supporting non-liquid-dwelling life forms, with a land:water ratio of approximately 10:90.

SCP-4100 was the home planet of Homo sapiens sapiens, a species of sapient organism which was once prevalent throughout the Human Origin System. Homo sapiens sapiens colonized several areas in the Human Origin System, including the planets Mars and Venus, as well as Titan, the largest moon of the planet Hephaestia1, using primitive spacefaring technology, including rudimentary FTL travel.

SCP-4100 was largely abandoned between GSC 10997 and 11001 due to the proliferation of thousands of entities, objects, events and phenomena known to Homo sapiens as  designation does not appear to be related to the Stellar Congressional Protectorate or any of its sub-organizations.

According to Homo sapiens historical records,  objects, as opposed to scientific study or interaction with sapient objects.

Most knowledge of the  is estimated to be over 4,000.

Below is a list of assorted .

A guide to Triumvirate Pictographs

A white symbol has a numerical value of .

A magenta symbol has a numerical value of .

Blue symbols are verbs, or mathematical modifiers. A cross indicates .

Yellow symbols are nouns.

Green symbols denote positive or safe.

Red symbols denote negative or danger.

Orange blocks indicate the symbols within represent a chemical formula.

Black squares are null. Black lines appear to denote barriers between symbols.

Pictograph for Item 

Of note in this pictogram is the presence of a the depiction of three chemical compounds: the first is believed to be calcium trisilicate and an unknown polymer. The second chemical, pictured in the third row, is believed to be potassium cyanide. This chemical is fatally toxic to most known carbon-based life-forms, including Homo sapiens, and has been interpreted as .

An attached picture of the 173, item though heavily bleached, shows a similar body shape to the Koshi drones used briefly by the Black Shroud rebels in the Rigel system, suggesting the 173 item is a precursor to these items.

Pictograph for Item 

The  item. An expedition to the surface of SCP-4100 located parts of what is believed to be a GEAR device, used in most Challenger-class spacecraft. As it was heavily damaged, no action was made to retrieve it.

Pictograph for Item 

The symbol in the top-right corresponds to one of the religious symbols of the Mekhanion. The lack of symbols indicating containment, as well as a lack of description beyond , indicates that it may currently be in possession of the Church of Mekhanion.

Pictograph for Item . White box added to conceal a potentially hazardous piece of information.

It is unknown how the Triumvirate knew of the existence of Galactic Standard Script when creating this pictogram. The information present in this image creates a compulsion to travel to a location on SCP-4100 which is currently occupied by the crater of a supervolcano which erupted some time during the presence of humanity on SCP-4100.

Pictograph 4100-1202, speculated to be the evolution of early life on SCP-4100.

Pictograph 4100-1202 is anachronistic, as it is believed to show a bipedal organism. No bipedal organisms existed during this time in SCP-4100's geological history.

Pictograph 4100-1265, the continued evolution of organic life.

Several pictographs of organic life on SCP-4100 terminate with the red image, seemingly consuming an organism. The significance of this is unclear. A second set of pictographs, believed to depict its historical record, also exists, but several are full of imagery too abstract to understand.

Either the history or the mission of the Triumvirate organization.

The Pictograph depicting the history or mission of the Trimvirate does not give any indication as to when in human history the organization was formed. Other pictographs show the symbol first appearing around the invention of primitive firearms, but they may have existed much earlier.

Pictograph-4100-1050.

Pictograph-4100-1050 is believed to be the oldest known depiction of an entity termed by Homo sapiens sapiens as  entity killed 90% of life on SCP-4100, including 95% of all Homo sapiens.

A theory put forth in Galactic Year 50025 suggests that the  objects as anathematic.
Destruction of SCP-4100:

In Galactic Year 54000, a Class-10 Behemoth Entity, matching the description of the Destroyer, approached the Human Origin System at near-light speeds, on a direct collision course with SCP-4100. Most Protectorate personnel and citizens were able to evacuate the system. The population of Hephestia was unwilling to evacuate, despite being offered a position on a small Protectorate fleet. Hephestia was entirely ignored by the Behemoth Entity.

Upon it reaching the remains of SCP-4100's moon, the following message was broadcast to all Protectorate ships within range of Sol.

+

-

Proposed Update to SCP-4100 File:

Planetary Catalog Designation:  SCP-4100

Threat Level:  N/A

Resources:  N/A

Special Control Protocols:  N/A

Description:  SCP-4100 referred to a planet formerly known as Earth, prior to its use as a weapon in the destruction of an entity which would have consumed the majority of the Human Origin System. SCP-4100 was launched at this entity (designated  entity.

Immediately prior to SCP-4100's destruction, the following pictogram was sent from its surface. The meaning of it is unclear.

The Final Transmission of SCP-4100

Footnotes
1. The sixth planet in the Human Origin System, homeworld of the Mekhanion, a species of sapient techno-organic beings.
2. So called due to the most prominent symbol being a set of three arrows, pointing inwards.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:12
            
            Edit
+431)
Tags
Discuss (57)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wiki.PKP.in
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Epitome City
                      
              Hero or Villain? You decide.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hacking WD MyBook World Ed
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

