                        

Item #:  SCP-100-JP

Object Class:  Euclid Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  MTF Iota-8 (“Star Watchers”), consisting of astronomers and armed tacticians, is to be stationed at Site-103 to prevent potential trespassers within a radius of 5km radius of Site-103 without permission is to be immediately terminated, regardless of the purpose of their entry. Site-103 is to be fenced off with electric barriers with a height of at least 10 meters. Officially, Site-103 is to be treated as a uranium mining facility, with reference to the uranium vein beneath the site.

Due to wear and tear, SCP-100-JP must undergo regular maintenance once every few years all the time. Maintenance operations are to be performed by 20 workers specially trained in wooden household maintenance. The workers are strictly forbidden to enter the attic.

Description:  SCP-100-JP is a wooden two-story house with an attic, found in Yucatán Peninsula, Mexico. The original owner of the building was ███ █████. Following his death, the house was left with without proprietors.

The first and second floor of SCP-100-JP are rooms with no anomalous qualities. However, the attic, which is accessible by a ladder located on the second floor, contains a space with an interior size far exceeding that of the building's exterior. This space exists in a completely non-gravitational and vacuum state. Investigation of the space via drones has revealed that the space extends for 127km in either direction. Owing to the fact that wooden “walls” extend in all directions and disappear into the horizon, this space appears to be warped. Following Incident 100-2, attempts to destroy the “walls” are strictly forbidden.

The space inside the attic in SCP-100-JP contains vast amounts of “heavenly bodies” consisting of wooden material seemingly derived from various furniture. The “planets” are about 10cm in diameter, and “fixed stars” with light bulbs inserted are far more enormous. The source of wood, light bulbs and power supply to light the bulbs are still undetermined. Moreover, the “heavenly bodies” crumble even at a slight touch.

Foundation astronomers have discovered that the circumstances of these “heavenly bodies” correspond with those in our universe at the present time. It has been proven that damage dealt to the “heavenly bodies” correspondingly damages the actual heavenly bodies they represent, and damage dealt to the “walls” will equally damage the . Because of these traits, experiments within SCP-100-JP are strictly forbidden (See also Incident 100-1, Incident 100-2).

Incident 100-1

In █/█/19██, when a research team led by Foundation astronomers entered SCP-100-JP to investigate the space in detail, a researcher mistakenly destroyed a “star” inside SCP-100-JP. ██ years later in █/██/20██, the star █████ near the constellation Taurus suddenly went supernova, despite its young stellar age. Immediately after this incident was observed by Foundation astronomers, SCP-100-JP, formerly thought of as an object simply mimicking heavenly bodies, was classified as a Euclid-class object. “Planets” and “stars” destroyed by minor contact during surveys of SCP-100-JP numbered more than 1█. Fortunately, all of these “heavenly bodies” destroyed were located far away from the “planet” resembling Earth, and it was estimated that the incidents would cause no harm to life on Earth.

Incident 100-2

In █/██/200█, some parts of SCP-100-JP collapsed due to an earthquake, resulting in holes in walls of the attic and many “heavenly bodies” destroyed. This caused [DATA RESTRICTED TO PERSONNEL OF LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE BY O5-█,█,█,██]. Considering the fact that SCP-100-JP is in danger of annihilation due to wear and tear and/or natural hazards, SCP-100-JP was reclassified as a Keter-class object.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Oct 2018 13:47
            
            Edit
+57)
Tags
Discuss (3)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Paralelo
                      
              29 March - 2 April 2009
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AckySHINE MiniSites | Best of 2020
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Iatkos
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JPサンドボックスⅢ
                      
              a.k.a 下書きフォーラム v2
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

