                        

4456-D

Level1

Containment Class:
Decommissioned

link to memo

SCP-4456-D during initial recovery and investigation.

Special Containment Procedures (Archived):  SCP-4456 is contained in a Size 4 Anomalous Aquatic Vehicle Storage Unit (S4-AAVSU) in Site-45. After every reproduction incident, the new SCP-4456 instance is to be provided with 2,500 pounds of pure silver.

Description (Archived):  SCP-4456 is an unmanned 16th-century Spanish galleon named 1. In terms of appearance, SCP-4456 is no different from ships of her model during the 1500s.

Every four to six days, an exact copy of SCP-4456 is generated in the nearest area of water that can hold her. If the new SCP-4456 instance is ever provided with approximately $519,0002 in gold, silver, or gemstones, she will instantly disappear.

If an SCP-4456 instance is not supplied with sufficient resources within twenty-four hours of manifestation, she will animate and become hostile, attempting to breach containment via ramming and on-board cannons.

Addendum 4456.1:  During investigation into SCP-4456's origins, Foundation researchers discovered the following document, dating to circa 1500C.E.:

+4456-A

-4456-A

Note: The following document has been translated from Spanish.

My Queen,

I am filled with grief to report that the Soy Mi Amante has been struck down by unknown forces. She and her crew will be remembered as the mighty bread basket of our holy kingdom.

However, I must express my concern towards its former nature. Her valiant crew would not speak of where they obtained their bounty, we only know that it carried much of it on its returns. I fear that her destruction may be the harbinger of some great and unknown force, which has tarried too long in its acceptance of our thievery. Perhaps even mightier forces are at play here, for it seems that no mortal entity could reduce such a mighty vessel as the Soy Mi Amante to mere ash in moments.

May we pray that God has not taken wrath upon us, and that we continue to prosper under His grace.

Your humble servant, Dante.
附加记录：    

Addendum 4456.2:  To determine where items placed on board SCP-4456 would go, ten silver coins, designed as exact copies were created and installed with microtrackers placed within each coin. After the coins had been placed aboard an SCP-4456 instance, the tracking receiver was activated, and immediately detected all Foundation coins in the Museo Nacional del Prado. Investigation revealed that the Museum had carried the coins since 1827.

Further research by the Anomalous Chronology Department found that every time a new SCP-4456 instance is provided with sufficient resources to disappear, the Spanish government's wealth would be retroactively increased by the value of the resources placed aboard the instance. While the exact repercussions of Foundation actions are inconclusive, it is widely speculated that the Foundation may have been at least partially responsible for Spain's Price Revolution3.

Due to the large amount of money lost to SCP-4456, as well as the potential violation of laws outlined in the FIR Convention5.

The following proposal was submitted to the newly created Decommissioning Department:

+4456

-4456

SCP Object Decommissioning Proposal Form 

Item #:  SCP-4456

Object Class:  Keter

Head Researcher:  Dr. C. Bold

Supporting Personnel*: 

Dr. D. Eon - Representing Anomalous Chronology Dept.
A. Ferril - Representing Foundation Treasury and Finances Dept.
Dr. R. Raegis - Representing Foundation Legal Dept.

Please check off or fill in the applicable boxes regarding the reasons for submitting your proposal: 

☑ Excessively High Risk of Lifted Veil Scenario

☐ Excessive Danger

☐ Ability to Decom. Apollyon-Class Object

☑ Expense

☐ Ethical Concerns Over Necessary Containment

☑ Legal Concerns

☐ High Risk of K-Class Scenario (if so, please state which type(s):____)

☑ Other (please state): Temporal phenomena caused by causality paradox, with unknown and most likely undesirable effects. - Dr. D. Eon

Summary:  The sheer cost of containing SCP-4456, combined with the legal ramifications of doing so, lends continued containment inordinately expensive and inefficient. Additionally, failure to contain the object may result in exponential duplication on her part, quickly becoming unmanageable and eventually noticeable. Finally, we already know that SCP-4456 will be destroyed eventually, according to Document 4456-A, and that if it is not destroyed, it may result in some form of causality paradox. - Dr. C. Bold

*Must be of level 3 clearance or higher.
附加记录：    

Addendum 4456.3:  SCP-4456 was approved for Decommissioning. The Decommissioning consisted of SCP-4456 being incinerated completely; any remains in the form of ash or char spontaneously disappeared. Decommissioning of SCP-4456-D was officially declared a success.

Footnotes
1. I am my lover.
2. Roughly 2,500 pounds of silver.
3. An economic recession during the 16th and 17th centuries, theorized to have been caused by the importation of silver from the Americas.
4. Foundation International Relations Convention; carries guidelines for the Foundation's interactions with sovereign nations, including, in most cases, outlawing donations to other nations unrelated to anomalous containment.
Dr. C. Bold, an organized department created for the purpose of intentionally destroying objects deemed too difficult to contain. Note that the Decommissioned class is separate from the Neutralized class, which refers to objects that are destroyed or deanomalized unintentionally or without prior approval from the Decom. Dept.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  http://scp-jp.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-4456/4456.jpg

Name:  DSC08443 - El Galeón - THE END

Author:  Dennis Jarvis

License:  CC-by-SA 2.0

Source Link:  https://www.flickr.com/photos/22490717@N02/36286967086/
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            03 Jan 2021 19:29
            
            Edit
+215)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Harry Potter: Into The Fire
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Living Through Technology
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Grants Recipes
                      
              Good food for you!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

