                        

Item #:  SCP-1674

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The building in which SCP-1674 is situated has been purchased by a Foundation front posing as a historic preservation society. The building is to be cordoned off from public access and view. The door to SCP-1674 is to be kept open while any human subject is inside SCP-1674, except during authorized transport. Care is to be taken not to expose SCP-1674-1 to more light than is necessary to prevent deterioration.

A base has been established in SCP-1674-3 to house test subjects. A communications wire, no thicker than 2mm, is to be threaded similarly in order to transfer liquid rations.

Description:  SCP-1674 is a room located in a 16th-century building in Zwolle, Netherlands. SCP-1674 has internal dimensions of 3.2 all internal surfaces are smooth and sterile. The door, located on one of the narrow walls (henceforth the near wall), swings inwards when opened. When closed it sits flush with the wall. The door does not possess a handle on the inside. The longer walls and the ceiling are painted with horizontal, luminescent yellow pinstripes. These lines converge centrally on the narrow wall opposite the door (henceforth the far wall) in a layered design similar to the circular, staggered tumblers of a combination lock. Located within SCP-1674 are a canvas sheet, designated SCP-1674-1, and a small hole in the far wall, designated SCP-1674-2.

SCP-1674-1 is an animate sheet of heavy canvas paper. It is mounted permanently to a roll on the ceiling against the near wall. SCP-1674-1 measures 3.2mm and is abnormally damage- and force-resistant. It perfectly absorbs all electromagnetic radiation outside of the visible spectrum. Visible light shone directly on its surface reveals traces of a Baroque landscape painting of an overcast rocky taiga, although the pigments have since faded greatly.

SCP-1674-2 is a round hole 5mm wide. It is located in the center of the circular design on the far wall. SCP-1674-2 typically lets in a small amount of light. SCP-1674-2 leads to an external area, designated SCP-1674-3, which does not correspond with the room adjacent to SCP-1674 nor to the area outside the building. Visual detail from SCP-1674-3 is sparing while the door to SCP-1674 is open, but the two areas are always connected. Sound and narrow-beam radio waves easily travel through SCP-1674-2. The air pressure differential is negligible.

When the door to SCP-1674 is closed with a human subject inside, SCP-1674-1 unrolls to completely cover the near wall and 0.8m, thereby making SCP-1674-3 physically accessible. If the human subject steps through, the process will reverse until SCP-1674 is in its original state again, and the door is able to be opened. Transportation is thus one way only. The process is noiseless.

SCP-1674-3 is an extradimensional region that resembles a rocky taiga or steppe. There is an abundance of native vegetation, some of which is edible; no wildlife has yet been observed besides a single specimen of Lithobates sylvaticus (wood frog). The sky is perpetually overcast; the clouds occasionally take on violet hues towards dusk. SCP-1674-3 is highly irradiated for unknown reasons. Staying for an extended duration will cause focused mutagenic effects in non-native organisms. The mutations are typically concentrated in the eyes, skin, and the lining of the gastrointestinal tract; ultimately inducing their development into a substance chemically and physically identical to SCP-1674-1. Test subjects sent into SCP-1674-3 have reported seeing older settlements (presumably built by people who entered long before SCP-1674 was contained), many of which still contain bodies that display the mutagenic effects.

SCP-1674-2 reportedly exits into SCP-1674-3 from the face of a large mottled rock erupting from the ground. Beside the exit, there is an etching in the rock face in early modern Dutch. A translation follows.

May God rest he who finds these words

My chamber has worked too well. I have worked too poor. Had I not been so enamored by the dream of perfect realism, I would have seen there is no way home. And this realism is flawed. The sky is sick and it tans my hide and burns my throat. I would starve but for these foreign berries and garnishes. And a pinprick in this boulder robs me of hope to go back. I would give my fortunes to traverse the other way. What would have done?

I should have built a mechanism to invert the projection. I should have built a mechanism from this side. I should have made a way to invert the projection. I should have painted a

(message cuts off, then resumes several lines lower)

There is no use for pretense now. I still have this chisel. Soon I will have nothing.

Master Constructor, The Doubtful

Year of Our Lord 1610
附加记录：    

A body to which the signed name can be attributed has not yet been located within SCP-1674-3.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 10:32
            
            Edit
+72)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            COSCUP WIKI
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Sims Online
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Apmoderneuro
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

