                        

Digital scan of SCP-12361-4

Item #:  SCP-1236

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-12361 to 4 will be placed upon a floor-mounted easel, still draped in the black fabric. Only when the set-up team is safely behind the paintings, will the black fabric covers be pulled back to reveal the images painted upon the canvas.

Description:  SCP-1236 is a series of 4 paintings, labeled SCP-12361 through 4. Each is 100cm high by 75cm wide and are framed with plain, black wooden frames. They are painted in a style reminiscent of Keith Haring, though signed on the back with the name “Serl”. When viewed through a remote viewing device such as a monitor camera, by way of a mirror, through a sheet of glass, or a recorded image such as video footage or still picture, the images feature a colored background with a differently colored figure in the center of the image. The figure is humanoid in shape, with no physical features other than head, arm, leg and torso outlines, as is typical of Haring’s work.

When viewed directly, however, each image takes on a specific characteristic, depending upon the viewer. The original image is not visible to the viewer, and instead an alternative image is seen.

Following investigation into 4 staff suicides and multiple emotional/social problems reported to staff psychologists, non D-class personnel are barred from directly viewing any of the SCP-1236 set of paintings.

SCP-1236-1: This canvas will show a full-length portrait of a person who is the viewer’s ideal of physical perfection, based upon sexual orientation. This is not an image of any real person, but is a representation of every desire and subconscious drive brought together in a single individual. This individual represents the ultimate in physical and sexual attractiveness to the viewer. This impression works down to the mental/personality level, with the viewer being able to describe in vivid detail aspects of the portrait’s personality and character traits that will make him/her even more attractive to the viewer.

SCP-1236-2: This canvas will show an image of the viewer him-or-herself as a physically perfect specimen. They view themselves as the ultimate in attractiveness and desirability. Regardless of actual appearance, and how extreme the change to become “perfect”, the viewer will still recognize him-or-herself as the subject of the image. Again, this works to the personality level, any personality flaws are removed and more desirable traits included.

SCP-1236-3: This canvas features a portrait of the viewer’s current or most recent significant other. This image, much like the previous two, projects an image of physical and mental perfection. The viewer sees their significant other rendered in the most physically and mentally appealing manner possible. Any actual imperfections are eliminated and the subject is seen in the “absolutely best possible light”.

SCP-1236-4: This canvas reveals another portrait of the viewer, but in this case, in the “worst possible light”. Each imperfection is magnified and character flaws are obvious and horrendous. Upon seeing this image, the viewer is given the impression that he/she is a horribly repulsive person and that there is no way any person could ever be attracted to him/her.

Addendum 1236-A 

All four of the paintings were found in August, [REDACTED] in an art gallery in New York City.

When interviewed, the owner of the gallery could not recall where he had acquired them, but had 6 paintings in the series. He only displayed them for part of a day and reported that they made people . The owner, who wears glasses due to severe myopia, reported taking the paintings off display, but not before selling two of them to an unnamed buyer for several thousand dollars each. The remaining paintings were transferred to the Foundation, but no gallery records exist to show who may have purchased the other two paintings in the series. The owner of the gallery reported having taken the information of the individual who purchased the paintings, but that the information had somehow been deleted from his database, along with all other information related to the six paintings.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Jan 2020 22:36
            
            Edit
+94)
Tags
Discuss (49)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Bloodborne
                      
              From Softwares new dark fantasy project. (Project Beast)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Solpadeine Help
                      
              Help and information about Solpadeine addiction
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Rhyes of Wiki
                      
              Wiki for Rhyes mods and general awesomeness
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AGIAT
                      
              Agencia global de investigación de amenazas taumatúrgicas
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

