                        

Item #:  SCP-3146

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation agents embedded in the professional gaming community are to make posts on social media during Y-Manifestation events at locations already designated to be “gaming”, “anime” or “comics” conventions, purporting to be the event’s organizers. The overall tone of these posts is to suggest that SCP-3146 has a niche fanbase and is no longer in production as its parent company is defunct. In the event that a Y-Manifestation event has not naturally occurred in a public venue in over six (6) months, embedded Foundation agents are to stage an SCP-3146 tournament in a professional gaming event venue, whether on the official stage or on any improvised surface available.

If a Y-Manifestation event affects political figures without sufficient clearance or allyship to the Foundation, they are to be subjected to surreptitious Class-C amnestic treatment by embedded Foundation agents in federal law enforcement agencies dedicated to protecting political figures.

Description:  SCP-3146 is a video game by the name of “Magical Hearts XX: Upgrade Ultimate ~EXTENSION~ DESTROYER Ascend!”. SCP-3146 is found only in Blu-Ray disc format, and is playable only on PlayStation 3 consoles. Discs bearing SCP-3146 have only been found during Y-Manifestation events.

+description

-description

“Magical Hearts XX: Upgrade Ultimate ~EXTENSION~ DESTROYER Ascend!” is a two-dimensional, one-on-one fighting game. Players are presented with a screen bearing the name of the game and the text “50% of proceeds to go charity!”, after which the game cuts to a selection screen featuring 16 characters. Players then try to make each other’s character reach 0 health first utilizing a variety of attacks assisted by several “meters” they can spend; for example, the  meter allows them to stop an enemy offensive. The first player to bring their enemy down to zero health twice wins the match.

The game's single-player , which allows him to discern the intent of any person he comes across. Kei goes on a journey to end the tyranny of Arimas, the game's titular villain, who plans to absorb the souls of all humans, and in the way fights against or allies himself with an eclectic cast of characters (most of which are available in the player-versus-player mode), such as Jeanne, a dual-sword wielding nun, and Accel, a motorcycle driver fond of American cowboy culture. The game is available in English and Japanese.

Any public event attended by over 200 individuals carries a chance of triggering a Y-Manifestation event. Y-Manifestation events begin with the evacuation of the event’s venue due to emergency reasons (reasons reported so far have included fire alarms, minor earthquakes, electrical hazards, gas leaks and [REDACTED] containment breach)2:

Subjects attending the event experience a moderate compulsion to play SCP-3146.
Subjects attending the event become capable of materializing assets that they own but were not physically carrying, such as money from a bank account.

Subjects affected by SCP-3146 will then organize a double-elimination bracket tournament with an entry fee believed to be directly proportional to the assets available to the average attendee. Once the tournament has run its course, 50% of the money pooled will be awarded to the tournament’s top 8 competitors, then the Y-Manifestation will end with the disappearance of all hardware, including SCP-3146 discs, and the remaining 50% of the pooled money. Subjects affected by the Y-Manifestation event will recall the event as an out-of-the-ordinary but not worrisome “break” from the main event, and regard it as a generally positive time. No attempts from the event's losers to recover the lost money have been recorded once anomalous effects have ended, although altercations have been recorded in at least four instances.

███ Y-Manifestation events have been recorded3, and caused $████████ in damages.

+3146-52

-3146-52

Video recovered from the personal smartphone of █████ after a Y-Manifestation event triggered during an evacuation of Anime Expo 20██. Video feed shows two individuals sitting on the ground in front of a console-display setup containing an instance of SCP-3146, with a large pile of money on top of the table. A small crowd is visible around them. Agent Mendoza, in his guise as professional commentator , can be heard narrating off-screen.

Mendoza:  Oh he got the slide, but is he takin' it?

Subject 1 has forced Subject 2 to the right corner of the screen and forced them into a defensive position for an extended period of time. Subject 2 is at a considerable health disadvantage.

Mendoza:  He's takin' it, oh he's-

Subject 2 initiates a counteroffensive, chaining together a long  of attacks. Subject 1 can be seen pressing buttons at random, which have no effect on his character's state or interrupt Subject 2's combo. The crowd's cheering increases considerably.

Mendoza:  Baby's not takin' it! Oh, the comeback, son, is it gonna be enough, though?

Subject 2's combo ends in a lengthy  once it does, Subject 1 is now at a health disadvantage.

Mendoza:  It's not enough, but ohh, here comes the mixup!

Subject 1 performs an attack as soon as her  animation allows her to. Subject 2 blocks it and performs her own attack, ending the match. Subject 2 rises to her feet and is embraced by the cheering crowd.

Mendoza:  Come on, baby, wakeup Sky Smash and you thought it was gonna work? This ain't Lay's, baby, ██████ ate 'em all!

Subject 1 gets up and faces Subject 2.

Subject 1:  (unintelligible) another?

Mendoza:  Oh she's gotta be salty after that, you know she wants the runba-

Subject 2 shrugs; Subject 1 throws her controller to the ground and assaults Subject 2. The camera shakes as it is moved around. Analysis reveals the crowd, including Agent Mendoza, trying to break up the altercation; in the background, the money on the table dematerializes.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Whether Y-Manifestation events trigger or are triggered by the related emergency is under investigation.
2. SCP-3146 instances recovered by interrupting Y-Manifestation events display no anomalous properties outside the event, and can be safely replicated into other non-anomalous copies.
3. 3 of which have occurred during Foundation meetings.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 17:39
            
            Edit
+43)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            STARFIGHTER INFINITY
                      
              Open Source Website
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Lopside Raccoons
                      
              Not Rightside, But Lopside!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IC-FR Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox de lInsurrection du Chaos francophone
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

