                        

Item #:  SCP-630

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  When not in use, SCP-630 is to be kept folded in a locked steel locker at Site-69. It is to be inspected for damage and cleaned weekly. Once per month, SCP-630 is to be mounted in Site-69's auditorium and between 5 and 15 D-class exposed to it for 3 hours, or until all anomalous effects have ceased, with full video recording for later analysis. Under no circumstances are individuals with Security Clearance greater than Level 1 allowed to be on-site during a scheduled activation of SCP-630.

While active, the testing area should be completely isolated for a minimum of three hours. Camera feeds and remote recordings must be on a minimum of a five-minute delay. Adequate supplies of bottled water should be provided for affected individuals, in order to avoid dehydration or exhaustion. All testing of SCP-630 is to be recorded through both video and audio feed. All experiments are to be conducted in conjunction with members of MTF Theta-R (Tommy Tuneups).

Description:  SCP-630 is a set of theater stage curtains made out of red velvet. SCP-630 appears to be physically indestructible, but can get dirty and requires regular maintenance to remove smoke residue, bloodstains, and water damage due to its effects.

When mounted upon any structure that could be construed as a stage (regardless of whether or not it is usually used for theatrical productions), SCP-630 enters an active state and will initiate a localized reality alteration should any sapient being come within ~10 meters of it. This state will persist for 150-300 minutes from the time of initiation, regardless of how many sapient beings are within range at time of cessation. Once the effect has ceased, SCP-630 will not activate for another 24 hours.1 If SCP-630 has not been used in 45 days, it will spontaneously activate regardless of its location, with an effective minimum range of 1 kilometer.

Any sapient being affected by SCP-630 will behave as if it is part of a musical theatrical performance and will spontaneously perform complex song-and-dance routines. While affected, affected individuals do not recognize this abnormal behavior as unusual, and will ignore or actively resist information to the contrary. The effect is contagious, and any individual who observes affected individuals live, whether in person or via audio or camera feed, will be similarly affected regardless of distance from SCP-630. However, recordings do not spread the effects, and an extensive collection of performances has been collected.2

While a performance is occurring, the surrounding environment will alter so as to present a more theatrically appropriate background, becoming prettier, more dramatic, or more representative of the theme of the piece being performed. This alteration includes increased luminosity in the area immediately surrounding the primary performers, topologically and structurally improbable alterations to the shape and construction of nearby structures, sudden weather changes, drastic alterations in the time of day or phase of the moon, and spontaneous sourceless musical accompaniment. Objects become optimized for use in musical performances, with clothing becoming more  and any rhythmic sounds such as footsteps or clock tickings syncing up. Local fauna are occasionally involved, and there is one known instance of a complex 12-minute dance routine performed entirely by a collection of 50 housecats.

Although SCP-630 has no direct adverse effects on individuals while they are performing, personnel will frequently later complain of exhaustion, blistered and bruised feet, painful muscle cramps, and dehydration. Physically unfit individuals frequently collapse or faint once the reality alteration has ceased and subjects who have not received vocal training often suffer from respiratory ailments and strained vocal cords. While under the influence of SCP-630, individuals are unaware of these problems, but if enough area is available, will still drink water and take periodic rests  while others perform.

Affected performers have no regard for the appropriateness of the content of the songs they sing, and will freely express their innermost thoughts, expose embarrassing personal secrets, reveal classified information, and complain about mundanities such as mustard stains on their clothing.4

Notable Recordings: 

Agent Lament on 26 September 19██:

Prof. Bjornsen on 31 March 19██:

Various D-Class on 25 December 2013:

Addendum:  Janitor Scruffy consistently exhibits only minor alterations in his behavior while exposed to SCP-630, and is therefore the only person allowed to clean it. Below is an excerpt of the only thing he sings while affected:

Footnotes
1. Except on Saturdays, when SCP-630 can activate twice with a minimum of 4 hours of inactivity after the first cessation.
2. DVD copies are available from the I.T. department, for $50 per disc. Cash or money order only.
3. Ex: Standard-issue labcoats frequently transform into cloaks or capes and MTF riot helmets usually transform into either cloth domino masks or heavily stylized comedy/tragedy masks.
SCP-222-J have been noted following observation of particularly mundane performances. Research into the correlation of these phenomena is ongoing.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Apr 2020 10:36
            
            Edit
+182)
Tags
Discuss (95)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Radiohub
                      
              Lossless Radiohead Hub Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            final fantasy XIV wiki encyclopédie en français
                      
              FFXIV final fantasy XIV 14 fr wiki FF14 français
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

