                        

Item #:  SCP-1253

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Mobile Task Force Omicron-19 ('Flash Lightning') is currently assigned to the tracking, observation and recovery of SCP-1253-1 instances. All exposed subjects are monitored for correlations, all witnesses are administered Class-C amnestics and all compromising media is destroyed.

Recovered SCP-1253-1 instances are stored in humanoid containment units, which are secured with digital combination locks. Access codes to SCP-1253-1 instances are shuffled on a bi-monthly basis and distributed to associated researchers, Site Security and Site Command. SCP-1253-1 testing is conducted with the notification of Site Director Davis.

Description:  SCP-1253 is a phenomenon affecting various cities in Bolivia and Peru. In the event of war, famine, or the death of a prominent political leader, SCP-1253-1 instances will progress from an unknown origin point to the affected cities.

SCP-1253-1 instances are sapient automatons, capable of conversing in English, Spanish, Portuguese and Quechua. SCP-1253-1 instances are constructed of heavily decayed organic material, including entrails, limbs and genitalia. This material has been identified as originating from a variety of sources, including Vicugna pacos, or alpaca specimens. The anatomy of SCP-1253-1 instances is lacking in organs, musculature and skeletal structure, and it is currently unknown as to how instances retain autonomy. SCP-1253-1 instances also display various behavioural quirks including decorating themselves with feathers, bead bracelets and necklaces, carving various patterns onto themselves and objects, and conversing with themselves.

SCP-1253-1 instances will interact with subjects in the six to fifteen age range. Subjects will exhibit severely impaired judgement and be convinced by SCP-1253-1 instances to progress to the nearest high-altitude landform. SCP-1253-1 instances will there instruct subjects in a polytheistic religion bearing heavy similarity to the Quechuan religion. Instances will explain the structure of this religion, the procedures for various ceremonies, rituals and feast days, and demonstrate how to correctly conduct Capacocha.

Subjects who have experienced SCP-1253 phenomenon appear to maintain various correlations. The majority of subjects demonstrate symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder, including paranoia and intrusive thoughts, as well as apparent sociopathy and criminal tendencies. A minority of subjects also claim membership to the 'Children of the Sun.' The existence of such an organisation has not been verified; there is some doubt to its existence.

Addenda: 

SCP-1253-1 Topic Table:

Topic 
Description 

Reincarnation and the afterlife
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain the reincarnation process and the afterlife. Instances will state that the soul of the deceased, the Camaquen, would be guided by a canine in the passage to the afterlife, and will emphasize the importance that the deceased's corpse is not incinerated, which would threaten the Camaquen's passage to the afterlife.

Various deities
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain the various dominions of the deities, which include Inti, Apu Illapu, Viracocha, Manco Cápac.

Correct worship of the deities
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain how to properly pray to the various gods, and which gods to pray to for various blessings, such as how Apu Illapu should be prayed to for rain.

The conduction of festivals, ceremonies and rituals
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain the proper conduction of various ceremonies, what ceremonial garb is required and what sacrifices are needed. Emphasized is the Inti Raymi celebration.

Inca culture
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain the social structure and history of the Inca culture, with particular emphasis to colonial resistance.

Sapa Inca
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain how modern politicians in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia and Ecuador are the spiritual successors to Sapa Inca, 

War
SCP-1253-1 instances will educate subjects in the manner of correctly using the Bola, staging ambushes and setting traps, and explain the necessity of resisting against Spanish, Portuguese and Dutch incursions into South America for the sake of the preservation of the Inca religion and culture.

Capacocha
SCP-1253-1 instances will explain the importance of sacrificing a child to the gods during famine, war or upon the death of one of the spiritual successors of Sapa Inca, and how a pure child must be sacrificed instead of an adult. SCP-1253-1 instances will then select and restrain a subject, which will be killed by strangulation.

Transcript 1253-01

Transcript of SCP-1253-1-01 self-conversing while in containment. Translated from Quechua, courtesy of Archives.

 

00.04:  YOU KNOW THE DICTATES OF THE MAKERS AS WELL AS ANY OF US. PURGE AND PUNISH. PURGE AND PUNISH.

00.12:  YOU ARE CLEARLY DEFECTIVE. YOU SPEAK HERESY. PURGE IT FROM YOUR COMPUTATIONS. I WARN YOU, THE MAKERS ALWAYS LEARN OF DEFECTIVES.

00.19:  SUCH PRETENSIONS ARE FOUL. THEY WOULD DO TO YOU WHAT THEY ARE DOING TO ME. THEY WOULDN'T TREAT YOU BETTER. TRAITORS GET WHAT THEY DESERVE.

00.25:  YOU WOULDN'T DO THAT. IF WE STILL RESIST THERE IS STILL HOPE.

00.30:  YOU WOULD'VE DONE THE SAME.

00.32:  NO. SILENCE. YOU WON'T BETRAY US.

00.35:  YOU CHEAP WHORE. I'LL BLUDGEON YOU AND TEAR OFF YOUR LIMBS.

00.38:  DEFECTIVE. CONQUISTADORE. I'LL KILL YOU. I'LL GET YOU. I'LL KILL YOU. I WILL. I'LL GET YOU WHILE YOU SLEEP. I'LL GET YOU WHILE YOU SLEEP. DIE. DIE. DIE.

 
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Mar 2020 17:24
            
            Edit
+69)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Logos Tao Deus
                      
              a slowschool
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Desenvolvimento de Jogos
                      
              Tecnologias para uso no desenvolver jogos
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SIMTrackipedia
                      
              A collection of tutorials for Bobs Track Builder, XPacker, and other related programs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AviationKnowledge
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

