                        

Item #:  SCP-2772

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As SCP-2772 is currently immovable, a soundproofed containment unit has been built around it. The property SCP-2772 manifested in has been purchased and Cryptography Task Force 2772-08 has been stationed on-site. Cryptography Task Force 2772-08 is to also to function as the containment unit's guard. Unauthorized individuals found attempting to enter the property are to be detained and questioned of any potential relation to SCP-2772 or Incident 2772.

Images and audio of SCP-2772 are to be recorded. Recordings are to be delivered to Cryptography Task Force 2772-08 for decoding. For a full list of recordings, refer to Document 2772-01 through -13. Testing on SCP-2772 has been relegated to Cryptography Task Force 2772-08. Exceptions are to be approved by Level 4 personnel or higher only. SCP-2772 is not to be tested with any living animal or human.

Description:  SCP-2772 is an immobile spatial phenomenon occupying the lobby of the ██████ Library. It is approximately five meters in length, two meters in width, and seven meters in height, covering over 97% of the lobby. SCP-2772 can be most consistently identified through the appearance of an intangible visual phenomenon that resembles television static. Moving through SCP-2772 is most accurately described to be similar to the minor electrical sensation of touching a cathode ray tube television screen. The furniture, floor, and walls of the space that SCP-2772 occupies will change color, hue, and lighting seemingly at random. Solid objects such as furniture and decorations in SCP-2772 react abnormally to attempted physical manipulation; solid objects may become intangible, move vertically, or become elastic while still being fixed to the floor. Introduced liquids gained similar anomalous properties after twelve hours in SCP-2772; liquid-based anomalies include changes in color, opacity, and viscosity.

SCP-2772 will produce sound identifiable as a series of multiple slow-scan television (SSTV) transmissions and audio clips every seventy-two hours. While the SSTV transmissions are believed to be unique to SCP-2772, the audio clips have been identified as originating from six hundred and seventy-four distinct sources thus far. The images from the SSTV transmissions are encrypted text along with what appears to be text-based art relevant to the decrypted message. The last SSTV transmission of every auditory event consists solely of text and uses a different, currently unknown encryption method.

Samples-13

ClickSamples

Auditory Event 002 

Date:  October 2█, 20██

SSTV Images:  Various bassinets.

  [EVENT BEGINS]

  [EVENT ENDS]
附加记录：    

Auditory Event 029 

Date:  November 2█, 20██

SSTV Images:  Various flowers, particularly roses. Final SSTV transmission appears to be a garden in full bloom.

  [EVENT BEGINS]

  [EVENT ENDS]
附加记录：    

Auditory Event 103 

Date:  April █, 20██

SSTV Images:  Various religious buildings including temples, churches, and cathedrals.

  [EVENT BEGINS]

  [EVENT ENDS]
附加记录：    

Auditory Event 451 

Date:  April █, 20██

SSTV Images:  Various clocks and interlocked mechanical gears. Final SSTV transmission appears to be a single cogwheel broken in half.

  [EVENT BEGINS]

  [EVENT ENDS]
附加记录：    

Auditory Event 482 

Date:  March 2█, 20██

SSTV Images:  None

Notes:  This is the final Auditory Event before SCP-2772 begins to repeat itself, starting from Auditory Event 001. The first line is unencrypted English text. The following text is believed to be of the same encryption as the last SSTV transmission of every other Auditory Event.

  [EVENT BEGINS]

  [EVENT ENDS]
附加记录：    

Incident 2772:  On February █, 20██ at 06:12, a single white rose and a card appeared in front of SCP-2772. As SCP-2772 has not manifested objects before, it is currently theorized to have been caused by anomalous activity outside of SCP-2772. No personnel on duty reported having identified any anomalous activity during this time. On the card was a note written with blue ink in neat cursive containing what is believed to be the entire decoded transcript of Auditory Event 482, as follows, as well as a decryption key to the last SSTV transmission of SCP-2772's Auditory Events. Decryption is currently in process.

I cannot bury data, but maybe this is close enough. Our time together never truly existed, but it was real enough to us.

The coming days will be lonely without you. The days we spent together would be lonelier having never met you.

If there is some deity out there who can hear the prayer of a nonexistence,

If there is a life beyond this one,

Please let us meet again there.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Aug 2020 16:10
            
            Edit
+202)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Fairfield Project
                      
              The Delta Green wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifth Sanctum School for The Supernatural
                      
              fun and friendship in a semi-serious roleplay about teens in a school for supernatural
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pediatric Hematology  Oncology Certification Review
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

