                        

SCP-MAYDAY-J attempting to sabotage Dr. Vanderbilt as he prepares the documentation for SCP-████.

Item #:  SCP-MAYDAY-J

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-MAYDAY-J must be kept out of any room where staff are currently creating or updating SCP documents on a computer. SCP-MAYDAY-J is capable of opening doors, so doors must be locked if any work is to be done. In the event SCP-MAYDAY-J is able to enter a room where computer work is being done, it should be distracted with treats or cuddles until it can be removed from the area.

SCP-MAYDAY-J is allowed to wander Site-726. A litterbox and food/water dishes have been placed in the site's cafeteria for it. During down time or off hours, personnel are encouraged to play with SCP-MAYDAY-J for relaxation and morale purposes.

Description:  SCP-MAYDAY-J is a female stray cat that Dr. Loyd brought to Site-726 on the 18th of August, 2012. It has black fur, with the exception of a few white tufts of hair on its chest, and is currently quite overweight. Staff are reminded not to feed SCP-MAYDAY-J scraps from the cafeteria. SCP-MAYDAY-J is very friendly and playful. Staff have described it as  Staff generally refer to it as 'Mayday' or 'Mayd' for short.

SCP-MAYDAY-J is generally non-anomalous; however, when an SCP Foundation staff member begins to create a new SCP document or edit a pre-existing one, it will anomalously become aware of this and attempt to enter the area where the document is being prepared. If SCP-MAYDAY-J is able to do this, it will try to disrupt the work being done in any way it can. SCP-MAYDAY-J has been observed knocking items off the desk, blocking the computer screen, stepping on the keyboard, and generally acting like a nuisance.

Addendum:  Below is a list of documents that SCP-MAYDAY-J has affected:

SCP-1504 -  a particularly durable man who's every action is misperceived as normal.

SCP-MAYDAY-J caused Reasearcher Vanderbilt to accidently delete the pre-existing documentation, by pushing his hand controlling the mouse in an attempt to get scratches.

Who am I? - Ongoing reasearch into the true nature of SCP-431.

SCP-MAYDAY-J knocked an open bottle over, spilling water onto Dr. Loyd's desk and keyboard. The keyboard stopped functioning, so work on the above document was stalled for several minutes.

SCP-2579 -  a species of bear that is able to anonymously produce music and will dance to it when trying to find a mate

SCP-MAYDAY-J attempted to enter the room where the document was being prepared. As the door was locked, it instead howled and meowed loudly, annoying and distracting Researcher Vanderbilt.

SCP-3002 -  an incredibly contagious meme that manifests as a childhood friend.

SCP-MAYDAY-J stepped on Researcher Vanderbilt's keyboard, accidently bypassing admin locks on the anomaly's documentation, infecting Researcher Vanderbilt.

Recruitment Drive (R-28126) - A document concerning the hiring practices of GOI-019 (The Factory).

SCP-MAYDAY-J, strangely enough, did nothing during this research project.

SCP-2654 - , a magic eight ball that will occasionally cause a strange humanoid to appear.

SCP-MAYDAY-J ran away with the snacks dedicated to SCP-2654-1. It was rather upset because of that.

What am I? - A tale exploring what SCP-173 is.
SCP-3654 - , a ship from an alternate WW2.
SCP-3254 - , a cybernetic bear that wants to protect its children.
SCP-3540 - , A pair of grim reapers that spend the month of October celebrating Halloween and enjoying each other's companies.
SCP-3542 - , a reality bender who is just a really really shitty batman.
SCP-4002 - , The Myth of Etana and the deal he made.
SCP-3541 - , Those who know can recognize others.
SCP-577 - , Past Trauma and animals

Deleted Tale

A decently-sized group of whitecoats lounge around the table in the employee lounge at Site 281. Room 26 to be exact. A whiteboard stands behind them, with a list of names written in green marker, some crossed off or partially erased. This is the semi-regular (unofficial) D-Class tournament. A group of doctors each name a D-Class they work with regularly, and each test subject is pitted against another one. Whichever survives the longest in their respective tests advance to the next round. A morbid game indeed, but what did these doctors care? They're barely humans. More characitatures of humanity than anything.

 The one with the ID badge reading 'Dr. Herder' asks.

 The others stare at him, a mixture of incredulity and confusion on their faces.

The doctor by the whiteboard wipes away Herder's name. 

The others nod.

The rather plain looking man sighs a bit, and looks directly at the contest organizer by the whiteboard. 

And then a freak chain of events involving bad bread, attempts to brew beer in the break room, and careless smokers results in the door to the refrigerator exploding off the appliance and flying directly at Loyd. Killing him instantly.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                _cc
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Sep 2019 17:46
            
            Edit
+82)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Managing Information Systems
                      
              BUA 581 - Rick Sprenkle
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Share Coke Codes
                      
              Sharing happiness by sharing Coke rewards codes.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Soymilk Linkshell
                      
              Professional, drama-free dynamis since 2005!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiofScience
                      
              Everything learned, and nothing forgotten
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

