                        

Item #:  SCP-3225

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Mackenzie Park is to be restricted from public access. A fence has been erected around the perimeter of the park, and locals have been notified of an environmental hazard in order to discourage attempts at entry. Security personnel are to maintain a distance of at least five meters from SCP-3225. Physical contact with SCP-3225 is only permitted with the permission of the presiding Site Director. Individuals who show signs of unusual interest in SCP-3225 are to be detained for questioning.

Description:  SCP-3225 is a set of five translucent humanoid figures standing in an incomplete circle formation. It is intangible to inanimate objects, though living organisms are able to interact with SCP-3225 as if it is solid. Individuals who have done so describe SCP-3225 as warm and similar to glass in texture.

All organisms in the immediate vicinity of SCP-3225 experience reduced aggression and a feeling of calm. This intensifies in closer proximity to SCP-3225. A subject who joins the circle and takes hold of SCP-3225's hands will enter a state similar to REM sleep and become unresponsive to external stimuli. The subject is capable of disengaging at any time they choose. Subjects in physical contact with SCP-3225 remain susceptible to malnutrition, dehydration and other forms of physical injury.

During contact, subjects are able to communicate with the set of entities collectively known as SCP-3225-1. SCP-3225-1 is reported to be benevolent and intensely empathetic, and appears to be able to communicate with any subject regardless of spoken language. Subjects are unable to recall exact details of their contact with SCP-3225-1 after contact is broken.

SCP-3225 appeared in ████████, Oregon on 23 September 1996. Six individuals were reported missing in ████████ shortly following SCP-3225's appearance; it is believed that five of these individuals now make up SCP-3225. Efforts to locate the sixth (█████ ███████, believed to be the author of Document 3225-B) have been unsuccessful.

+1996

-Document1996

Note: Excerpt from a journal belonging to ██████ ████████, one of the six missing persons thought to be connected to SCP-3225's appearance. It was found at the owner's residence on 30 September, 1996, alongside Document 3225-B and several anomalous objects (refer to Recovery File 3225).

I used to think that being alive was going to be hard forever and that was just how things are. This last year, exploring with the others, I've learned how wrong I was. I'm not as scared of who I am anymore. I used to walk outside and feel ashamed, like I was doing something wrong by just existing. Here, I feel like I belong. And I can tell the others feel the same. Maybe we can't ever get well (if that's even possible), but having them with me and having the dream to escape to has helped me get better. It's helped us all get better.

So I've been thinking - why do we have to keep coming back? Why don't we just stay there, away from all the bullshit we have to deal with here? I feel crazy even thinking about it, but people have been calling me crazy ever since I was 15. Why not just leave for good next time?

The way we do it would be slightly different to before, but not too much. It should be pretty easy to do. I'll ask the others. We've gotten this far together - I can't imagine doing this without them.
附加记录：    

+Letter

-Letter

Hey guys. I don't know if you'll actually read this, but it doesn't feel right to leave without saying anything.

The world treated all of us rough. Parents that didn't want us, guys that wanted us too much. We all wanted to escape. And we did. We managed to leave our broken parts behind, together. When everyone tried to hold us down, we flew to places they couldn't reach us. I've seen beautiful things with all of you, and I am so grateful for that. But now that we're leaving for good, I don't think I can go through with it.

Paradise is only paradise if you believe you belong there. I don't think I do. I can't just leave all my baggage behind. I know you'd all disagree, so I didn't say anything. Don't worry about me. You gave me the strength to be able to make it on my own or die trying. You all deserved better than you got, and I hope you find it. Thanks for everything. I'll see you in my dreams.

Jamie
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                tactile
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 20:47
            
            Edit
+44)
Tags
Discuss (7)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Join this Site!
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            क्षत्रिय राजपूत इतिहास
                      
              क्षत्रिय राजपूत
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dungeons  Discourse
                      
              Gamma Edition
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox for the Liminal Archives
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

