                        

An instance of SCP-2794

Item #:  SCP-2794

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2794 is to be kept in a standard containment chamber at all times. This enclosure is to be cleaned on a monthly basis. The waste produced by SCP-2794 instances is to be stored within a secure landfill area (Site-898).

Description:  SCP-2794 is a colony of 87 Coccinellidae, all of an unknown species. Instances highly resemble Coccinella septempunctata, with the exception of their anomalous properties, and a white inscription on their undersides reading  (Small Christ)1. SCP-2794 instances require no food or other energy sources to survive. Instances are not capable of reproduction, as they are all sterile males. The lifespan of SCP-2794 instances is currently unknown, but no signs of aging have been recorded. Instances of SCP-2794 are impossible to neutralize by any known means.

SCP-2794 instances constantly excrete an unknown material via the anus. This material is mildly translucent, and bears a green hue. Waste produced by SCP-2794's is a moderate carcinogen and immuno-suppressant which takes effect after prolonged exposure. For an unknown reason, this effect instead extends the lifespan of all arthropods. This varies upon the species affected, although instances are capable of living for indefinite amounts of time without any energy sources when constantly exposed. This waste is indestructible by any known means and does not decay. As of yet roughly 86,000kg of excretion has been produced, at a rate of around 1kg per 30 minutes.

Addendum 2794-A:  In order to prevent an NK End of the World scenario, multiple attempts were made to circumvent the threat posed by SCP-2794. The following is a log of all attempts as of the time of writing.

+A1-A7

-Hide

Operation 2794-A1 (2016/07/01) 

Objective:  To prevent waste production by freezing instances within a large body of water at a temperature of -50 degrees centigrade.

Results:  Instances' body temperatures rapidly rose, melting the ice.
附加记录：    

Operation 2794-A2 (2016/09/05) 

Objective:  To completely paralyse SCP-2794 instances, preventing their organs from functioning.

Results:  Instances were successfully paralysed, yet they continued to excrete at an ordinary rate.
附加记录：    

Operation 2794-A3 (2016/██/██) 

Objective:  To prevent waste production by covering instance's anus with waste hardened by salivary liquids.

Result:  Instances began to excrete via the eyes.
附加记录：    

Operation 2794-A4 (2016/██/██) 

Objective:  To prevent waste production by covering all openings to inner body with waste hardened by salivary liquids.

Result:  Instance swelled severely for 2 months, before beginning to excrete via a new anus which developed beneath the original.
附加记录：    

Operation 2794-A5 (2016/██/██) 

Objective:  To deport SCP-2794 outside an 50,000km radius of the earth by use of rockets.

Results:  SCP-2794 intances were stimulated by the experience, accelerating the excretion. This resulted in a failed launch due to the weight added, resulting in 4 fatalities
附加记录：    

Operation 2794-A6 (2016/██/██) 

Objective:  To prevent instances from excreting by feeding them wet cement, and then exposing them to great heats (roughly 1400 degrees centigrade) in order to harden this cement.

Results:  This appeared to have no effect on instances, apart from their excretion bearing a grey hue.
附加记录：    

Operation 2794-A7 (2016/██/██) 

Objective:  To prevent instances from excretion by encasing them in dried cement.

Results:  Pressure from the excretion broke through the cement in roughly 2 minutes.
附加记录：    

Addendum 2794-B:  SCP-2794 was discovered in Waterford, Ireland. Upon discovery, instances were seen to have constructed a  (The Promised Land).

Instances were nesting within the interior of the globe, along with multiple different species of Coleoptera. These Coleoptera exhibited aggressive behavior to the agents retrieving SCP-2794, and upon study, were discovered to have lived for more than triple their normal lifespans. Multiple small tunnels were also discovered within the globe (see Addendum 2794-C).

Addendum 2794-C:  An exploration of the interior of the globe discovered was carried out by use of a miniature drone, under the command of Dr. ███. The following is a log of this exploration.

+(2016/09/23)

-Hide

Date:  2016/09/23

Designation:  Drone Exploration 2794-A

Information:  To investigate the interior of the globe built by SCP-2794.

Equipment:  Spider C1s drone, attachable flashlight, camera with night vision capabilities and a small drill.

Personnel:  Dr. ███, and SCP-2794's research team (MTF Mu-77, or ).
附加记录：    

 

10:45:  Drone is successfully placed within a tunnel found near the base of the structure. Drill is utilised to prevent drone from being damaged by excretion.

17:32:  End of the tunnel is reached. Observations show a large open area mostly consisting of SCP-2794 excretion, hardened and placed in the form of .

17:46:  A large structure was found within the area. This appeared to resemble Roman architecture. This was entered, revealing a long series of tunnels inside. These were constructed of excretion, in a similar fashion to the main chamber.

18:32:  A large domed room was discovered. Multiple Latin inscriptions were found on the walls of this chamber.

The translated inscriptions, listed in a clockwise direction around the walls of the room. 

附加记录：    

18:56:  A large number of various coccinellidae began to attack the drone, and contact was lost.

23:09:  Connection was anomalously regained. The outline of a large coccinellid was observed, but the image was not clear due to excessive levels of light. Despite having a full connection, the drones did not operate as expected. It was observed constructing a tunnel, presumably part of the system observed within the structure where contact was lost. All attempts at controlling the drone have failed. (see command log SpD-Cs92:2794-A)

 
附加记录：    

+(2016/09/23)

-Hide

Input:  Hello

Output:  Hello operator.

Motors-Ok

Connection-Perfect

Power-0%

Current Status-Beautiful

Input:  ?Control

Output:  ControlHost-Relieved Spirit, ControlType-PermAccess

Input:  Forcecontrol SpD-Cs92 [SpindleWindleSpider]

Output:  Denied- Praise be to the Lord!

Input:  ?

Output:  

Input:  Confession

Output:  Computer bug, aren't you? If so, then we can continue.

Input:  Yes

Output:  Oh, lost one. What is it that burdens your soul?

[From this point onwards, the operation was to be treated as an interview. Dr. ███ was called on site to proceed]

Input:  Lies

Output:  I can see how it troubles you so. Do not worry, the Lord sees the truth. You are forgiven, child.

Input:  Are you sapient?

Output:  All of the pure ones who follow the temple have been given the gift of soul. Have you yet to experience freedom?

Input:  Please describe the temple you follow.

Output:  The temple is the wonderful gift where I stand. It has been given to the chosen race to deliver us all into the warm hands of the Lord.

Input:  Could you tell me about the lord?

Output:  He is the beauty that gives us sight. He set us free from the shackles of ignorance, and now we see the darkness of the world. We may be lost and scared, but the Lord yet again gifted us his temple. Now we will no longer suffer.

Input:  Why are we the chosen race?

Output:  We always were. There was even a time when the men who build triangles in the sky recognised this. It's sad how neglected we are, but the Lord will preserve us.

Input:  What will happen when the you succeed?

Output:  Through our prophets the Lord will emerge from his grand temple. The 87 promises dictate this so. Soon, his true form will come and the earth that was once stolen will be found as his heart. The world will have no limit. The saviours bear the Lord as son of beetle. He will be our promised land.

Input:  Why this world?

Output:  Because it is our birth right. To ask that is to ask why we can't have the land that was stolen from us, why we can't repay the terror of being crushed to preserve meat, entire cities being chocked to death, having our limbs being plucked like hairs, being worn as jewels until we starve and die. What makes you think that they are even in the slightest reason to claim a single small island of this land? They didn't spare any for us.

附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Note that in certain eastern cultures, coccinellidae are referred to as .

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  l.jpg

Name:  Ladybird coccinella septempunctata.jpg

Author:  Charles J Sharp

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Sep 2020 11:43
            
            Edit
+89)
Tags
Discuss (32)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The World of Metamor Keep
                      
              Welcome to Metamor Keep
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UTAU Wiki 2.0
                      
              Wiki for the UTAU voice synthesis software.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Thermal Systems
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

