                        

Item #:  SCP-1446

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Samples of SCP-1446 should be kept on individual wooden slates, each wrapped in opaque plastic, in an hermetically sealed container. Only one sample should be maintained permanently; test samples should be incinerated at the conclusion of testing. Two guards armed with portable dry ice blasting units and infrared limited goggles should be on site at all times.

Testing is limited to D-Class personnel. Any agents wishing to interact with SCP-1446 must undergo Protocol 94-Wegner-Gyatso training, hold Level 3 Clearance or higher, and obtain Class 4 permission. Any others coming in contact with SCP-1446 must be administered Class-C amnestics or be terminated.

Description:  SCP-1446 is any of a number of examples of an acrylic based, spray paint graffiti. SCP-1446 can appear in any format which can be depicted by this medium on a conventional surface, making instances of SCP-1446 difficult to distinguish until their anomalous properties manifest.

When a person observes an instance of SCP-1446, and consciously focuses on the art, it will immediately begin to spread, expanding over all available surfaces rapidly, introducing new themes and elements as it grows. This effect will last as long as it continues to be both visually and consciously examined by a human being. This can quickly grow hazardous as the expanding area covers buildings, vehicles, even people, spreading over skin, eyes, and into orifices. Depending on the size of the original sample and the number of viewers, SCP-1446 can easily cover 50 square centimeters of surface per second per observer. No maximum growth rate has been determined.

SCP-1446 will flow over any solid substance normally capable of holding paint in a setting pattern. It cannot cross over most fluids, and any breach between solids greater than 1 (one) centimeter effectively blocks growth. Only direct human observation triggers instances of SCP-1446. Anyone exposed, however, is subsequently able to create new instances of SCP-1446 simply by concentrating on the memory and using ordinary acrylic spray paint.

SCP-1446’s thematic material is wildly variable, but typically draws from the memories and experiences of the viewer(s). Designs mimic established graffiti tropes and artistic patterns witnesses are familiar with. Despite this apparent psychic link, SCP-1446 does not appear to be self aware. While manifestations lean towards the artistic and abstract, occasionally fanciful depictions of the observer’s personal life do occur. This makes SCP-1446 a risk for possible information leaks; security and exposure procedures should reflect this. To date test subjects have shown no conscious control over the imagery created.

SCP-1446 was an original display at an underground gallery event entitled TAZ-018, Moving Target. Held in the ██████████ Warehouse District in ████ ██████, Oregon, ██ people were killed in the initial exposure which the city originally interpreted as a disease outbreak or biological attack. No surviving promoters of the event have been located. Fliers for the event contained the following copy :

A work of art isn’t static. It never stops being created. When paint touches canvas, the creation has only just begun. Now it’s time for the painter to step back and the critic to step forward. The observer breaths life into art, each one changing its meaning, building on it. The art feeds on their ideas, their beliefs, their dreams and nightmares and perceptions, they imbue the creation with meaning. The interplay between the art and the patrons blossoms outward, smothering the boundaries between them until one wonders if there were ever a distinction between artist and audience at all, or if art is just a moving target?
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Mar 2020 18:51
            
            Edit
+182)
Tags
Discuss (57)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Witchipedia
                      
              The online encyclopedia of magick, folklore and the occult
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot - Free and Pro Wiki Hosting
                      
              your place on the web
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Frontman Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

