                        

SCP-4562 at the location of its discovery

Item #:  SCP-4562

Object class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4562 is kept in a standard large item containment chamber. All research, security, or maintenance personnel willing to enter the chamber must undergo a full psychological analysis before entering to ensure that no traumatic events or family maltreatment occurred during their childhood.

SCP-4562-1 must be kept in a standard anomalous object storage box. Access to SCP-4562-1 is to be restricted to Level 3/C0 researchers and only for the duration of the testing.

Description:  SCP-4562 is a black Bösendorfer Model 290  concert grand piano. Its anomalous effects manifest when any music is played on it. The user, herein designated SCP-4562-A, will experience different effects according to what key they are playing:

Low-note keys will cause SCP-4562-A to re-live moments they consider to be particularly traumatic or embarrassing
High-note keys will cause SCP-4562-A to re-live moments they consider to be happy, such as time they spent with a friend, a success or a special present they received
Black keys possess the ability to alter a subject's memories. When a high-note one is played, SCP-4562-A's memories of their childhood will change in a positive manner, while when a low-note one is played SCP-4562-A's memories will be affected in a negative way. This does not actually change the memories themselves, but rather the way SCP-4562-A perceives them.1

It should be noted that playing any single key will not cause these effects to manifest. In order for them to be activated, SCP-4562-A must play a specific melody2 .

SCP-4562-1 is a white envelope with the words  with a red permanent marker.

Addendum A-Testing Log 4562-1 

Foreword:  As it was initially theorized that the only pieces capable of activating SCP-4562 were the 12 unknown ones, D-class subjects were instructed to seat at the piano and play them one by one. The results were as follows:

Piece #1 

Subject:  D-1258

D-1258 is a 23-year old Caucasian male, convicted of multiple violent crimes including assault and rape. His background analysis revealed expulsions from 3 different school establishments for violent behavior against his classmates, as well as difficult family conditions, his father being an alcoholic and his mother being addicted to cocaine.

When playing SCP-4562, D-1258 reported watching himself in his high school courtyard, being bullied by the 

Follow-Up notes:  When the piece was over, he kept breathing heavily for a couple of minutes, while his expression changed from anger to a slight calmness. In the follow-up interview, he reported to researchers that he felt . One month later he was relieved of his D-class duties and he offered a voluntary service to his home city, ultimately being emancipated 2 years later.
附加记录：    

[pieces 2-6 removed for brevity]

Piece #7 

Subject:D-1409 

D-1409 is a 21 year old Caucasian male, convicted to short-term imprisonment for pickpocketing and vandalism of public property which he committed with his unarrested friend Jamie Lanows. When playing the piece, a 23-minute long anthem, he started talking to , and at about the 22nd minute mark he started to cry.

Follow-Up notes:  When the piece was over, he seemed confused and distracted, reporting to researchers that . He remained confused for the rest of the follow-up interview, not being able to explain how his feelings towards Jai changed during the course of the song, and he was transferred to Site 07 for a medical examination. This solidified the speculation that SCP-4562 is fully capable of altering subjects' perception of their memories.
附加记录：    

[pieces 8-12 removed for brevity]

The subjects were then instructed to play the known pieces, starting with Beethoven 's Ode to Joy.

Piece #12/4th movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, Op. 125 (the ) 

The Head of Research wished to find out the result of pieces written with a specific feeling in mind. D-4480, a 30 year old Caucasian male convicted of embezzlement of company money, reported feeling . He then continued laughing and commenting on his wealth, until the end of the piece, at which point a loud police siren was heard in the room, apparently coming from SCP-4562. The siren lasted for 2-3 seconds, before abruptly stopping.

Follow-Up notes:  Despite the overall happy reaction he had to his memories, when the piece was over, D-4480 immediately fell to the floor crying. When asked what happened, he explained that he had . It is unknown if in this case SCP-4562 altered the perception of a specific childhood memory, or of the subject's whole life, although researchers tend to the second option because of the nature of the subject's memories which mostly involved his adult life.
附加记录：    

Piece #32/Frederic Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 in B-flat minor, Op. 35: III. (the ) 

D-856 is a 20 year old Caucasian male, convicted for unstable violent behavior against multiple victims. His background analysis revealed a very difficult childhood, having lost his aunt and uncle in a car crash and his father 2 years later.

He started screaming at the beginning of the piece, shouting 

Follow-Up notes:  When the piece was over, he dropped on the floor unconscious immediately after playing the final note, a very low A. He was hospitalized for 3 months, during which time all research involving SCP-4562 was postponed. After fully recovering, he explained to researchers that he witnessed all 3 of his relatives' deaths, while at the same time hearing the bands that played the March in each of his relatives' funerals playing aloud. He strongly denied hearing the piano itself playing during this, and instead insisted on his stating of hearing the three different bands, although he informed personnel that he was not present at either of the funerals.

It should be noted that the subject's description matches the existing records of said bands. Further research pending.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Extensive information for this effect can be found in Testing Log 4562-1
2. Any coherent set of notes that together form a music piece
3. Gamma Brain Waves are the fastest brainwaves (high frequency). They relate to simultaneous processing of information from different brain areas

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 21:57
            
            Edit
+12)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Isocentre Archive
                      
              Where ideas intersect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Philippines        #tagcoding
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Patriot Box Office Media Player (PBO)
                      
              More Than Meets the Eye
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            สถาบัน SCP
                      
              ควบคุม, กักกัน, ป้องกัน
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

