                        

A reduced-scale reproduction of SCP-1029 not exhibiting SCP-1029's effect

Item #:  SCP-1029

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Three copies of SCP-1029 are currently stored on standard CD-R media in the secure sections of Foundation libraries at Sites ██, ██ and ██. Access is permitted only for authorised research into the cause of its effect.

Description:  SCP-1029 is a 683×1024 pixel Exif JPEG image file with MD5 checksum bbb61a1033967e337e1c691bd1c860fe. It depicts a stalk of purple flowers of the species Hyacinthus orientalis. When displayed full-size on a computer monitor and the surface of the screen is gently rubbed with a finger (skin proximity appears to be necessary to trigger a reaction), the flower's distinctive fragrance is released in the manner of a  card.

Air samples taken while rubbing SCP-1029 induce the perception of the same floral scents when later sniffed by test subjects, suggesting that SCP-1029 has a definite physical, rather than purely mental, effect. Chemical analysis of air samples is in progress.

For the image's unusual response to occur, pixel-for-pixel reproduction of SCP-1029 appears to be necessary, along with colour rendition capable of differentiating all the colour values present within the image. While most CRT monitors are capable of showing the effect with no specific adjustment, many low-end LCDs and most panels older than █ years have failed to yield a detectable smell. It should, however, be noted that SCP-1029's odour does not vary in strength depending on image quality; it is simply not produced at all if the image was not reproduced within certain parameters.

Reducing the image's colour depth, rescaling it to a smaller size or applying any lossy image processing or editing procedure (including JPEG recompression) have been found to produce an image which does not display SCP-1029's anomalous effect. Lossless rotation by a multiple of 90°, lossless conversion to PNG or TIFF format, and cropping of up to ██ pixels off the right edge or █ pixels off any other edge of SCP-1029 have been found not  to affect the image's properties. Uncorrupted digital copies of the file in any form or medium appear to retain the properties of SCP-1029; in a sense, all such copies are  SCP-1029.

SCP-1029 was discovered by Agent █████ on a web image gallery at URL [DATA EXPUNGED] on ██/██/████ while browsing using a touch-screen computer. Agent █████ noticed the image's reaction to being rubbed and saved a copy for further study. The full-size  thumbnails and other derived images on the same site are also similarly lacking in SCP-1029's effect.

Researcher █████ has been tasked with attempting to discover a suitable combination of software and settings which, when applied to this full-size image, reproduce SCP-1029.

Agent ███████ has been tasked with cracking into the web server, ascertaining the extent of distribution of SCP-1029, and removing SCP-1029 from public view. The file is to be replaced with a recompressed version of SCP-1029 verified not to exhibit any unusual effect; any logged accesses to SCP-1029's URL are to be traced and contained. The web site is to be monitored for any reappearance of SCP-1029.

Addendum:  While output from ink-jet and laser printers, even when carefully calibrated and apparently meeting SCP-1029's criteria, do not display any response to rubbing, dye sublimation prints of SCP-1029 have been found to produce fragrance with little tweaking required. It has been suggested that this is due to the dithering () of ink-jet and laser prints versus the continuous tone output of the dye sublimation process.

Addendum:  A correlation between sweat on the skin and odiferous intensity has been observed. Doctor ██████ triggered SCP-1029's effect with an unusually sweaty finger shortly after an episode of strenuous exercise in the gym; the smell was later described as . This suggests a phenomenon in which sweat (or some component thereof) is being converted to specific odour molecules. Investigation into this process is ongoing.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            04 Feb 2019 17:44
            
            Edit
+234)
Tags
Discuss (45)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            iRacing.com Wiki
                      
              Your one-stop-shop for all iRacing setup help and knowledge.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sufficiently Advanced
                      
              A Game of the Far Future
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IS2216 - JAVA WIKI
                      
              Java for beginners
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר בע
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

