                        

Item #:  SCP-1110

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  MTF Gamma-5 () is to monitor all police scanner traffic within a 72 kilometer radius of the most recent manifestation of SCP-1110 in order to detect and scramble any potential reports of SCP-1110 activity to law enforcement. Once a report is detected and stopped, Gamma-5 units are to report to the location of origin disguised as local law enforcement as per hush protocol seven and confiscate all footage of SCP-1110. All cash losses incurred are to be replaced through Foundation funds. Special accounts dedicated to loss replacement drawn on private banks have been created and provided to MTF squad leaders accordingly.

A special task force of MTF Gamma-5 (Gamma-5-STF-7 ) has been created and tasked with impersonating a private security firm (SecureCorp Professionals) and gaining control of bank security in the area immediately surrounding recent manifestations of SCP-1110, in order to destroy footage of SCP-1110 as the event occurs, and to attempt to interfere if possible.

Description:  SCP-1110 is a series of phenomena that thus far seems to appear only on video cameras manufactured later than 19██ and centers around financial institutions such as banks or other repositories of currency in the ████████████ United States. To date, ██ instances of SCP-1110 manifestation have been confirmed, and between █ and ██ unconfirmed cases are suspected to involve SCP-1110, with at least one case coinciding with a typical bank robbery that occurred simultaneously in the same institution, making loss verification impossible. Unexplained losses by financial institutions lacking video monitoring systems are included in this approximation.

During a typical SCP-1110 manifestation, two humanoid entities with their faces obscured by dark material designated SCP-1110-1 and SCP-1110-2 can be seen on camera footage entering the financial institution brandishing guns in a threatening manner, coupled with aggressive body language. SCP-1110-1 and SCP-1110-2 typically wear dark clothing, and are distinguished by a grey hood on SCP-1110-1 and what seems to be a skull like mask obscuring on SCP-1110-2. The pair will generally approach a teller and move in a fashion indicative of robbery demands. At this point the teller in the video will seem to comply with these demands by raising their hands above their heads and carefully handing over money, which SCP-1110-1 will place in a briefcase while SCP-1110-2 maintains its threatening pose toward the teller. Once a sum of cash between █████ and █████████ has been handed over, SCP-1110-1 will seal the briefcase and nod to SCP-1110-2, and the entities will exit the building.

Note that the entities and phenomena occur only on video. During the time frame that video records SCP-1110 activity, business will commence as usual in the bank. No teller or customer present during an SCP-1110 event, including Foundation personnel on the scene, has ever seen, heard, or felt SCP-1110-1 or SCP-1110-2, even in cases where they have been shown in the video to physically assault or [DATA EXPUNGED]10-a.)

Following a manifestation of SCP-1110, a sum of cash approximately equal to the amount shown being stolen in video footage will be missing from the place of manifestation. There have been confirmed cases of the entities stealing other items during a manifestation, including an incident in which SCP-1110-2 apparently demanded that a bank patron hand over his wristwatch. Following the manifestation, the patron commented to Foundation interviewers that his watch was present, but had stopped at the instant of removal shown in the video.

Addendum-1110-a:  On █/█/19██, a teller was shown in SCP-1110 footage to resist, and was subsequently shot by SCP-1110-2. Post incident reviews with other bank employees revealed [DATA EXPUNGED].

Addendum-1110-b:  Yes, I am aware that the containment protocols for SCP-1110 currently allow the possibility that legitimate crimes will go and have gone unreported due to accidental interference by MTF Gamma-5. I assure you all that this is a risk we must accept in order to maintain containment and prevent public knowledge of SCP-1110. -MTF Commander ████

Addendum-1110-c:  On █/█/████, security cameras for a small pay-to-park business adjacent to the financial institution targeted by SCP-1110 captured footage of SCP-1110-1 and SCP-1110-2 fleeing the building on foot and entering a delivery vehicle parked in the pay-to-park lot. The vehicle was not recorded in the payment logs of the pay-to-park enterprise, nor was it observed by the employee operating the toll gate, and was driven by what appeared in the footage to be a Caucasian person of indeterminate build. The logo on the vehicle was noted by the agent who recovered the footage to bear a striking similarity to [REDACTED], and the possibility of a connection is currently under investigation. A proposal to add the modification of security video systems to include exterior and parking area cameras in all financial institutions under observation by MTF-G-5-STF-7 to containment protocols for SCP-1110 is under review pending authorization from Commander ████.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Oct 2019 17:48
            
            Edit
+216)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            地下黑市
                      
              属于闲人的社区
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mr. Bilbreys AP World History
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            exciting
                      
              exciting, all electron DFT
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Apmoderneuro
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

