                        

Video recording of SCP-3214

Item #:  SCP-3214

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A specialized Foundation webcrawler1 will monitor digital advertising exchanges for new copies of SCP-3214. Blocking or deleting SCP-3214 from its current exchange may temporarily prevent new SCP-3214 from being served.

If any clickthroughs are detected, a containment team must be dispatched to contain all individuals affected by the anomaly and assess the severity of the outbreak. Local news reports, psychiatric hospital records and social media sites must be monitored for accounts or images of a person disassembling and/or fabricating electronic devices as part of an attempt to send a message to outer space. Any device with a screen or speaker2 must be disconnected from power in the vicinity of individuals experiencing a retargeting event. No cellphone or other susceptible device is allowed within 30 meters of an instance of SCP-3214-1 except during approved tests.

Description:  SCP-3214 is a 30-second digital video advertisement which displays anomalous retargeting and personalization. When it is viewed or listened to by a person, any other susceptible device within approximately 30 meters will be served an SCP-3214 impression.3 This can result in the rapid and potentially exponential spread of SCP-3214. Any individual targeted by the anomaly may be subject to various cognitohazardous effects, with more severe effects if the individual clicks on the ad and views or listens to it.

If an individual to whom an SCP-3214 impression has been served5 but are not targeted by the anomaly again. Such effects typically fade within 3 to 6 weeks.

Retargeting timeline:  Retargeting events follow a predictable pattern, recorded below.

Time elapsed
Effect
Example(s)

0-24 hours
Impressions begin to be delivered outside of normal ad frames on devices used by the subject.
Subject entered the web address of a major search engine. When attempting to click on the search bar, a popup of SCP-3214 slid down from the top of the screen and intercepted their cursor.

1-2 days
6 Titles adopt a confrontational tone, including detailed information about the subject's life.

2-3 days
Impressions begin to be delivered to any device screen or speaker in the subject's vicinity. This can include devices which are not susceptible to SCP-3214 delivery under other circumstances, and need not be connected to the internet.
A subject being escorted from the testing chamber passed by a closed-circuit television showing live feed from a security camera. SCP-3214 began to play in a corner of the screen.

3-4 days
Impressions may be separated by two to three hours, and target the subject in moments of emotional vulnerability.
A subject had recently learned of their cellmate's death in an unrelated test on SCP-████. When security personnel arrived to escort the subject to the testing chamber, SCP-3214 began to play from the security officers' walkie-talkies.

4-5 days
Impressions revert to appearing only in normal ad frames. Titles become openly threatening.
EVENTUALLY DIE

 crack and break apart).

Device damaged by an instance of SCP-3214-1

Symptoms:  Approximately 80% of individuals who view or listen to the anomaly become SCP-3214-1. Information about the other 20% is restricted to personnel of level 2 and above, researchers directly involved in SCP-3214 experimentation, and agents deployed in response to SCP-3214 outbreaks (see Document SCP-3214-2A below).

Once infected, SCP-3214-1 develop an obsessive fixation on space travel and interstellar communication. If given access to communications hardware, SCP-3214-1 will frequently disassemble them in an attempt to build a communications device capable of contacting the celebrity characters they saw or heard in SCP-3214.7 Subjects will describe their motivation as a desire to  some subjects have been observed working to the point of malnutrition or sleep deprivation in order to continually modify their devices. Reactions to the obsession vary considerably from one subject to another. One recovered SCP-3214-1, now in Foundation custody, continued to go to work each day, and would spend their evenings constructing a device in their condominium's basement storage area. Another, currently in long-term psychiatric confinement in a ███████ County facility, broke into a Radio Shack by smashing a window with a rock, and had destroyed a considerable amount of the store's stock by the time local law enforcement agents apprehended them.

Infected individuals' knowledge does not appear to be anomalously enhanced in any way, and the devices they assemble are almost universally non-functional. SCP-3214-1 are not dissuaded by this, and will rebuff any attempts on the part of researchers to critique their construction. Those who already possessed knowledge of engineering or information systems may create devices consistent with non-anomalous functions such as generating radio or wireless signals. Research into these is ongoing, but to date has not produced new insight into the anomaly.

Video description:  Recordings of SCP-3214 show a blank screen with a circular  image, and a sound similar to a dial-up modem connecting to the internet. Thus a more detailed description of SCP-3214 has been summarized from interviews with individuals infected by the anomaly.

Opendescription

Closedescription

The narrator's appearance is perceived by the subject as an idealized version of themselves. Dialogue and/or captions in the video employ the viewer's first language.
A group of characters in the video will appear to describe the wonders of their new home. Characters have the appearance of celebrities admired by the viewer. They may be shown engaging in space travel, public musical performances, sexual activity and/or [REDACTED]. During this section, the narrator's eyes begin to glow with green light as they deliver enthusiastic commentary on depicted scenes. Subjects are unable to recall this narration in detail.
In the next segment, the narrator describes the viewer's history to the other characters. They are shown seated in a casual setting, and individually introduced as a panel of experts. The narrator attempts to convince them of the talent or desirability of the viewer, in the form of a  of notable events in the viewer's life.
The other characters will briefly debate whether the viewer possesses , even if they were unable to view the screen.
The narrator moves in front of the camera and smiles at the viewer, saying, 

附加记录：    

Although SCP-3214 has lasted exactly 30 seconds in each tested instance, the videos described by test subjects were of significantly longer duration. Researchers estimate that the longest described video8 would have taken up to an hour in real time. It is theorized that the anomaly functions in part by implanting information directly into a subject's mind, which the mind then reconstitutes as memory.

Documentcredentials

-accepted

An estimated 20% of individuals infected by SCP-3214 outside of containment go missing. These individuals are designated SCP-3214-2. SCP-3214-2 do not exhibit any compulsion to assemble electronic communication devices. Individuals infected while in containment have a lower probability of becoming SCP-3214-2 (approximately 5%). Civilians who have observed SCP-3214-2 report that instances will immediately depart, offering vague and contradictory excuses when questioned. SCP-3214-2 who are prevented from departing will express dismay, citing an urgent appointment. They will refuse to specify the nature or location of this appointment. SCP-3214-2 who remain in Foundation custody exhibit signs of increasing psychological distress and agitation as time progresses. Individual responses vary. They may withdraw and become unresponsive, demonstrate hostility and aggression towards Foundation personnel, or attempt self-harming behaviors.

After review by the Ethics Committee, authorization was given to release some SCP-3214-2 under close surveillance, after equipping them with subcutaneous tracking devices. Each SCP-3214-2 instance will obtain a small quantity of luggage and fill it with various items of clothing and forms of personal entertainment.9 SCP-3214-2 will often purchase or steal such items in an opportunistic manner.

All SCP-3214-2 to date have vanished within 24 hours of release while under the open sky. Observation teams report a flash of green light at each disappearance, which is not visible in video recordings. Alpha Centauri A at speeds which gradually increased to a maximum of .5c.

Footnotes
SCP-3299 for details.
2. For a full list of susceptible devices, see Documents 3214-b1-4.
3. When a digital advertisement is fetched from its server by a user's browser, it is counted as an impression, whether or not it is actually displayed to or viewed by a user.
4. An impression of a digital advertisement has been served when it appears in a user's browser.
5. May include misanthropy, increased extraversion, and obsessive fixation on the works and activities of a small group of celebrities unique to each subject. It is theorized that these celebrities are the ones who would have been depicted in SCP-3214 if the individual had viewed it.
6. The anomaly appears to observe a 30-minute frequency cap.
7. Evidence of the celebrities' presence on Earth in contiguous reality is rejected as illusory.
8. In which the debate segment devolved into a heated argument over which Buckethead album was the most iconoclastic
9. Movies, books, mp3 players, handheld gaming devices, musical instruments and adult toys are commonly selected.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 20:35
            
            Edit
+18)
Tags
Discuss (8)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金會
                      
              控制，收容，保護
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-PL Sandbox II
                      
              Do pracy rodacy!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            .
                      
              wqa wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Desenvolvimento de Jogos
                      
              Tecnologias para uso no desenvolver jogos
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

