                        

Item #:  SCP-1406

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Site-121 has been established in and around the building above SCP-1406, surrounded by a barbed-wire fence monitored through several CCTV cameras installed around the perimeter. A cover story regarding restoration of the building by a land-owner has been circulated.

Description:  SCP-1406 is a medium-sized structure located in a heavily damaged building in ████, France. The structure consists primarily of brick and sheets of steel, and is affixed with a wooden door.

Individuals inside SCP-1406 have reported experiencing various hallucinatory and psychological effects. These have included:

Observing what was described as a mating pair of heavily injured Octopus vulgaris (common octopus) in the center of the room. Injuries included skin lacerations and several amputations, as well as a green-brown discolouration.

A pronounced sensation of the interior of SCP-1406 being slightly larger than the exterior by a minor factor.

A professed sense of slight forgetfulness, which persisted upon exiting SCP-1406.

SCP-1406 contains an object resembling a normal chair constructed of ten to twenty (10-20) small pieces of metal. The object appears to be coated in a semi-transparent, mildly luminescent violet liquid. Analysis of this fluid has shown it to be a mixture of tyrian purple dye, tungsten and several unidentified substances. Several seconds after removal from SCP-1406, this mixture will invariably cease luminescing.

In addition, SCP-1406 houses a small, brick fireplace, containing an exothermic variant of the same fluid.

Incident 1406-e:  On 2011-05-02, an individual (later positively identified as ████ ██████, a resident of the local village of ███████) was found attempting to access SCP-1406. The individual was detained and interviewed, repeatedly stating his belief that a significant event would occur in the near future relating to SCP-1406. No further useful information was gained from interviewing the subject, and the individual was put under observation.

At 19:34, a visual phenomenon was noticed to occur at three points in the vicinity of SCP-1406, these being: a point several metres from SCP-1406 itself, at the edge of a forest █ kilometres away, and in a field of cattle in ███████. In each case, several pulses of light were produced in quick succession. At the second and third locations, significant charring was noted to occur despite no noticeable flame; a tree at the second location and a bull at the third were both severely damaged as a result.

No charring was noticed on the building surrounding SCP-1406. Later investigation revealed a figure resembling a semi-humanoid head several metres from SCP-1406, constructed primarily of wood and a small mass of cattle tissue matching the affected pine and bull. This object has since been put into storage.

Shortly after this, Mr. ██████, began loudly vocalising in French, and expressing distress (see Document 1406-2).

Document 1406-2:  Abridged transcript of the speech produced by Mr. ██████ during Incident 1406-e.

[]
附加记录：    

[]
附加记录：    

[]
附加记录：    

[] for what remnants of the many remained, at this place bound by no laws, thought was interchangeable with matter. And in their decaying bodies was the memory of sapience, which became sapience. And so, one final thing formed from the many.

The collective, a shambling, unfocused, designless creature, with a mind that was barely functional, and which barely existed at all. And so, this patchwork thing slowly returned in the vague direction it recalled from the pieces of the many. []
附加记录：    

[]
附加记录：    

[] Do you remember me?
附加记录：    

Following this, Mr. ██████ was unresponsive to interrogation. Mr. ██████ is still under observation.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Mar 2020 00:52
            
            Edit
+120)
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            pre dev wiki
                      
              Lets open this beast up
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Thermal Systems
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hidden Project
                      
              Welcome to Hidden Project Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Open CASCADE Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

