                        

SCP-750-KO, at the time of initial containment.

Item #:  SCP-750-KO

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures: 

Revision02-1

-Hide

SCP-750-KO is to be kept within a modified anomalous objects vault at Site-222K. The door to said containment chamber is to be outfitted with a dual locking system and no less than three LED fixtures are to be installed within the containment chamber, said lights must be pointing to where SCP-750-KO is located within the vault. Personnel are not allowed to physically interact with SCP-750-KO although interviews with SCP-750-KO may be conducted by personnel with a Level 2 clearance or higher.

In the case that SCP-750-KO creates an anomalous event or if members of GOI-1115, ) or Dr. Lee Sung Bin.

Revision 02-6:  SCP-750-KO is to be contained within an enlarged containment vault composed of lead, steel, and titanium. The facility containing SCP-750-KO is to be affixed with multiple, continuously-running lighting fixtures capable of producing approximately 150 lumens or more. An EFN-111 electromagnetic system is to be placed approximately 10m from SCP-750-KO’s containment chamber. In the case of a breach of containment, the EFN-111 system is to be placed in high operation until the breach is contained.

In the case that SCP-750-KO creates an anomalous event or if members of GOI-1115, ) or Dr. Lee Sung Bin.

Description:  SCP-750-KO is a humanoid figure dressed in a military uniform that commonly associated with the Nazi party in WWII and a steel gas mask that resembles a GP-2 gas mask. SCP-750-KO is equipped with both an exo- and endoskeleton. The endoskeleton of SCP-750-KO is connected to the gasmask, said gasmask is able to power SCP-750-KO's endo- and exoskeleton by converting gas that is typically associated with chemical warfare into electrical energy. The molecular structure of the exoskeleton and endoskeleton has an artificial lattice form, both consisting of a mixture of metals. SCP-750-KO has the following engraved on its head, “W-222,” along with this SCP-750-KO has several other markings present on its form which includes the following: a symbol of  on its left ankle.

Following are other modifications present on SCP-750-KO’s body:

Shoulders - Within the shoulders of SCP-750-KO there are pockets of fluid that have the ability to cause a subject to suffer from myocardial infarctions and cause hemorrhages within the brain, resulting in memory loss. Said substance can be administered via SCP-750-KO’s thumb, pinky, or middle finger. When the pockets are depleted then the endoskeleton will begin producing more.

Arms - Inside of the arms of SCP-750-KO, there is a chamber that houses approximately 300m/s. Volumes of bullets that exit SCP-750-KO are typically less than 5 Db. Once the chamber is depleted the exoskeleton will begin the construction of more.

Left side of the head - A button consisting of both silver and copper, when pressed a second exoskeleton will be produced surrounding SCP-750-KO's body. The second layer of SCP-750-KO’s endoskeleton has a molecular structure similar to carbon nanotubes, thus preventing nearly all forms of physical attacks and explosives.

The endoskeleton of SCP-750-KO has a power transfer unit that allows it to turn its electrical output into kinetic energy, due to this it has the ability to run speeds that average out to 50m/s. Along with this, an internal device within SCP-750-KO allows itself to be cloaked for up to two weeks, though SCP-750-KO can turn off the ability at will. SCP-750-KO is able to feel both heat and cold, despite lacking the necessary organ and systems.

SCP-750-KO has a strong adverse reaction to light greater than 93 lumens. When exposed to light above 100 lumens SCP-750-KO will shut down, this is believed to be due to SCP-750-KO’s original purpose of guarding facilities run by Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd's. Later examinations of SCP-750-KO determined that it was damaged during an attempted raid by the Chaos Insurgency sometime during 2003. The high-intensity discharge shut-off system is vulnerable to serious damage through the visual recognition device if the system is exposed to light higher than 100 lumens.

SCP-750-KO was initially discovered by the foundation following reports of a conflict between two known GoIs in Gwangyang-si and Jeollanam-do in South Korea during 2003. At the time of deployment, The Chaos Insurgency and Anderson Robotics members were engaged in a conflict, and SCP-750-KO was discovered by MTF Gamma-13 () which was deployed to quell the conflict between the two Groups of Interest. Two Anderson Robotics members were arrested at the scene, and four additional documents related to SCP-750-KO were collected.

Document 01#: Addendum 750-KO-A-01 

The following message is from Anderson Robotics to MCD.

Dear Mr. Dallant,

Your repair request was completed on September 15th. Unit #11 will be transferred to MCD on September 17th. At your request, we've added the following features to Unit #11:

Languages supported: English, Korean, Japanese, and Russian.
Concealment generating device repaired.
The high intensity discharge shut-off system.
AI .
Endoskeleton and connected Gas Mask.
A device capable of producing a 2nd exoskeleton.
Energy conversion and generation system.
Substance capable of producing Heart attacks  Memory-erasure.
200 extra bullets  suppressor.

Unit #11 has been programmed to take commands only from you and other MC program located in lower left of the screen.

If there's a problem or you are unsatisfied with Unit #11, There will be a AND gate in the storage that we sent you. Insert the logic circuit into Unit #11's back and input the signal  on both sockets. Then, your request will be transmitted to Anderson Robotics in 30 minutes.

This time we trust that model #111 will be able to protect both MCD facilities and members. We hope that facility restoration and personnel security will be carried out with confidence with the model.
附加记录：    

Document 01#: Addendum 750-KO-A-06 

The following is a letter from Deishas Julian, 3rd SS-Armored division  to Herr Rass, a member of The Third Reich during World War II in November 1943.

Hey Rass,

How’re you these days? I'm sorry I haven't written to you for a long time. I'm writing this letter because I have something to tell you.

A week ago, as you know, there was action with the Soviet Union in Hungary. Approximately twenty units were sent out at ten o'clock, including the 8th SS unit. However, problems began to occur.

W-222 started rejecting commands, and eventually exploded in the presence of Mr. Fegeline. He tried to kill Fegeline, though the soldiers prevented him. Though it didn't work as planned. Fortunately, Mr. Fegeline survived, though the rest of them didn't. Now, W-222 has run away and disappeared somewhere. Soon, a new division will be formed to locate him.

According to Josef Mengele, the AI you programmed was too intelligent, this accident was bound to occur. Thanks to this tin friend, the Soviet Union easily invaded, and countless German soldiers were killed or injured. We tried to beat them by sending reinforcements, but the situation was already resolved.

Many higher-ups including Mr. Himmler said they felt very disappointed in you. His messenger will probably visit your home soon. He said he has  to tell you. But don't worry. Mr. Himmler is not Eichmann, so he is just going to give you a reproach.

Anyway, That's all I want to say. I'll send you a letter again before long. Until then, take care of yourself.

-Your old friend, Deishas Julian.
附加记录：    

Document 01#: Addendum 750-KO-B-02 

The following message is from MCD, addressed to The Chaos Insurgency.

Dear Chaos Insurgency,

I am Dallant Menéndez, a Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd Marketing Manager. I'm writing this letter to warn you.

Lately, you tried to seize the droid that we owned. Thanks to you, major facilities in our company were paralyzed or opened to the public. Countless company employees were killed or seriously injured. Originally, we found this droid after World War II, and you guys are saying that we've taken the droid from you? I think that's a very strange argument.

According to our research, you guys were discussing the issue about how to put the SCP Foundation through the trouble. That is, you didn't care about anything relating to our droid at that time. But what do you want us to do when you suddenly change your mind?

Anyway, if you keep on doing things like this, our company won't standstill. Anderson and his friends promised to help us, So you'd better be ready. Considering the move that we are going to make? Well, I leave it to your imagination.

-Dallant Menéndez, A Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd Marketing Manager-
附加记录：    

Document 01#: Addendum 750-KO-B-03 

The following message is from The Chaos Insurgency to MCD.

Dear Menéndez,

I've read your letter. First of all, what I want to say is you better be ready, not us.

The discussion that we had after the war is how to take down the SCP Foundation with W-222. And like I said, we discovered this droid first. It was a gift that Joseph Mengele was preparing for us when he was helping plan our retreat. Although the droid was heavily damaged, wouldn't it be all right if we repair him? So, we went to collect our tin friend. However, when we looked closely, there was only a spider web and a tiny lump of dust where the droid was sitting. You took our droid.

And you are saying we made a contradictory statement? Can't you recognize that the situation has completely changed? We discovered this droid first, and the looting has been caused by MCD is a contradiction.

Anyway, I want to tell you something. We, The Chaos Insurgency, are ready to fight our enemies. I think you'd better be ready, rather than us.
附加记录：    
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Document 03#: Interview record 750-KO-B-06 

The following is a record about one of Two Anderson Robotics personnel arrested during the suppression.

Interviewed:  Cho Soo Ho

Interviewer:  Agent Griggs

Date:  [REDACTED]

Foreword:  The following recording details an interview between Agent Griggs and Cho Soo Ho, an Anderson Robotics employee. Rodbird, who was discoverd at the scene, is also an Anderson Robotics employee, and findings on inquiry were that these two members were confirmed to be the only survivors who were discovered at the scene.

 

Agent Griggs:  Please take your seat.

Cho Soo Ho:  Thank you.

Agent Griggs:  First of all, please state your name for our record.

Cho Soo Ho:  I'm Cho Soo Ho, director of sector B07 in Anderson Robotics.

Agent Griggs:  How are you related to Rodbird?

Cho Soo Ho:  She is my friend. She is also my coworker.

Agent Griggs:  I see. So let's get down to business, was SCP-750-KO created by Anderson Robotics?

Cho Soo Ho:  So to summarize, that's not our work. This droid was made in Germany during World War II, was damaged and left to rust in the underground base in Hamburg after the war, and MCD discovered it by accident.

Agent Griggs:  Did they only make SCP-750-KO? Or did they make others?

Cho Soo Ho:  They made others.

Agent Griggs:  When did they specifically start to produce it?

Cho Soo Ho:  Well, That's when the droids started to be produced.

Agent Griggs:  Can you tell us more about the project that you mentioned?

Cho Soo Ho:  Project  is a military robot unit production project that the Nazis has been running since 1936. It was created, on Hitler's instruction, to secure buildings and occupy enemy bases efficiently, to deliver operations rapidly, and to protect key Nazi members.

Agent Griggs:  Was SCP-750-KO also one of the results of the project?

Cho Soo Ho:  Yes, it was. It joined 8th SS-cavalry division  and participated in many actions alongside Herman Fegeline. At the same time, many Jewish people and civilians were killed by his hand.

Agent Griggs:  What conflicts did he participate in?

Cho Soo Ho:  Well If I remember correctly, the Babi Yar massacre, Belarus scorched earth policy, and the suppression of the Warsaw uprising.

Agent Griggs:  What did military officers think of SCP-750-KO? Was it positive on the whole?

Cho Soo Ho:  It was. Wherever he went, the Allies began to retreat or surrender. The #11 was the most capable droid they've ever produced. Even Hitler went from Berlin to Munich in order to meet him.

Agent Griggs:  And SCP-750-KO was then found broken at an underground base in Hamburg, Germany after the war. And MCD discovered it, right?

Cho Soo Ho:  Yes.

Agent Griggs:  Did SCP-750- KO get broken down during the war?

Cho Soo Ho:  Nope, I'm afraid not. It is a really strong droid. You can't destroy it in any way. Rather, the Nazis abandoned him.

Agent Griggs:  Abandoned? So he was abandoned and left all over the floor?

Cho Soo Ho:  Yeah. The Nazis neutralized #11 and put him in an underground base in Hamburg.

Agent Griggs:  Why did the Nazis no longer want to utilize SCP-750-KO? Did he cause a ?

Cho Soo Ho:  As you said. Well

Agent Griggs:  A blue light?

Cho Soo Ho:  Judging from our production standard, probably an  Indicator lamp was lighted up.

Agent Griggs:  Is it common for an AI to protest like that?

Cho Soo Ho:  It's not entirely unknown. As you know, the AI is difficult to make and control. Even with technology like that of Anderson Robotics. If you set it too low, it's meaningless. And if you set it too high, you can't control it. Probably Herr Rass, the person in charge of #11, caused this, as he had programmed the AI's intelligence too high according to our company's engineers. You know who Herr Rass is, right? The founder who initiated the Fourth Reich after the war.

Agent Griggs:  I think SCP-750-KO was  took charge of it. What do you think?

Cho Soo Ho:  Well, some people have the same thoughts as you. According to the report, #11 acted as if he had a .

Agent Griggs:  I understand. Is this a reason why Herr Rass left the third Reich?

Cho Soo Ho:  No, it isn't. But it was a shock to many people at that time. While the eastern front was being shoved by the Soviet Union, they were betrayed rather than utilizing a high-tech mechanical soldier. Maybe this is the origin of why the royal guards started viewing Rass unfavorably.

Agent Griggs:  Can you tell us what happened to SCP-750-KO since then?

Cho Soo Ho:  The Nazis have destroyed related documents to prevent embarrassment, but some people already know about it. He helped the Jewish people escape, smashed Reinhard Heydrich's tomb, rescued civilians on the front line What's more, I heard there are several cases to Allied records that he passed the Nazis classified information through to the resistance. So he was by himself for about three months, and he was captured and neutralized by the 001-Armoured division.

Agent Griggs:  How did they neutralize SCP-750-KO? Did they use tools like purpose-built weapons, or remote control devices, or what?

Cho Soo Ho:  They could neutralize it with blueprints for #11 that the Nazi scientists gave them. If it wasn't for blueprints, The 001-Armored division would have gotten their asses kicked by #11.

Agent Griggs:  Do you know anything about that blueprints? For instance, someone or a group who has blueprints right now

Cho Soo Ho:  Don't know, but I heard that MCD had ownership, but that all burned out when The Chaos Insurgency attacked them.

Agent Griggs:  I understand.

Cho Soo Ho:  Well, that's all I know. Besides, I don't know anything about it in detail.

Agent Griggs:  That's good. Let's call it a day. Agent Alexey, I'd like to ask you to take Mr. Cho Soo Ho outside.

 

Closing Statement:  After the interview, Cho Soo Ho said he'd like to join the Foundation. Also, Rodbird who was arrested with him has taken the same stance. This request is currently pending, additionally, an interview will be conducted about Cho Soo Ho and Rodbird.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Aug 2020 17:59
            
            Edit
+16)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RoaringApps - App compatibility and feature support for OS X  iOS
                      
              Application compatibility  iOS
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Computer Games Programming
                      
              CGP Students
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            jQuery EasyUI
                      
              easyui help you build your web page easily!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

