                        

Screenshot of SCP-1243 taken ██/██/200█.

Item #:  SCP-1243

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  No methods of effectively containing SCP-1243 have been developed as of this time of writing. The prevention of public knowledge of SCP-1243 is top priority, and will be maintained through a number of web crawler programs designed to track down, delete, and record instances of the URL leading to SCP-1243-1. Foundation agents are undercover in several law enforcement agencies worldwide, especially those that handle missing persons' cases, to find possible instances of individuals using SCP-1243.

Only personnel with a security clearance of 3/1243 are permitted to know SCP-1243's URL. To prevent the accidental spread of knowledge of SCP-1243, personnel being transferred out of work on SCP-1243 for any reason will be given class A amnestics. As it is unknown how SCP-1243 gathers information from its users or those being targeted by it, testing is forbidden at this time.

Description:  SCP-1243 consists of 2 components, designated SCP-1243-1 and SCP-1243-2.

SCP-1243-1 is a web page with a URL of ██.██████.██/███████. To this date, the Foundation has been unable to trace this page to its server, due to the site having an inconsistent IPv4 address. The method used to obscure its true IPv4 address is unknown. This web page consists of a black (html color code #000000) background, a jpeg logo on the top-center of the page reading . All of these elements are encoded using very simple HTML. The page gives no instructions as to how to use these elements.

Upon filling out the  field will result in a random individual matching those descriptions being delivered to the purchaser.

Instances of SCP-1243-2 are entities which appear in the vicinity of individuals  using SCP-1243-1 for the purpose of abducting such individuals. Subjects vary greatly in appearance, though they are usually described as humanoids whose features have been significantly altered by surgical or other invasive means. Instances of SCP-1243-2 have been observed entering buildings through doors inaccessible from the outside and, rarely, traveling through objects such as mirrors and television screens to reach their target. Physical violence has proven effective in stopping single instances of SCP-1243-2, though abduction events have never been prevented in this manner, as more instances will arrive to take their place. To this date, there has been no method of successfully preventing SCP-1243-2 from abducting those targeted by SCP-1243.

Despite the Foundation's best efforts, the number displayed by the  counter continues to increase at an alarming rate. The possibility of knowledge of SCP-1243 being spread by outside sources is under consideration.

Recovery:  SCP-1243 was discovered following an FBI raid on a human trafficking ring in ██████, CA. The victims of this ring were found to be linked to missing person's cases in a number of different states, all of which were known to be outside the operating area of the criminal organization responsible for the ring. Additionally, the majority of the victims described being abducted by entities similar to those later designated SCP-1243-2. The URL leading to SCP-1243-1 was recovered from the hard drives seized by the FBI during this raid. All information regarding SCP-1243 was recovered from the FBI by MTF Iota-10 (aka ). Both the victims of the ring and its perpetrators were given class B amnestics with false memories implanted.

Incident 1243-A:  On the date of ██-██-████, several instances of SCP-1243-2 appeared in [REDACTED], the location where maintenance of SCP-1243 was being performed. By the time site security could respond, SCP-1243-2 had abducted 4 researchers involved with SCP-1243. At this time, information on several other SCP items is considered compromised, including SCP-███, SCP-███, and SCP-████. As the  counter did not increment, it is currently assumed that SCP-1243 acted of its own volition in a defensive manner. Revision of SCP-1243's Special Containment Procedures is pending at this time.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Aug 2020 09:51
            
            Edit
+186)
Tags
Discuss (40)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Bloodborne
                      
              From Softwares new dark fantasy project. (Project Beast)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Solpadeine Help
                      
              Help and information about Solpadeine addiction
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Rhyes of Wiki
                      
              Wiki for Rhyes mods and general awesomeness
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AGIAT
                      
              Agencia global de investigación de amenazas taumatúrgicas
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

