                        

A copy of SCP-4446

Item #:  SCP-4446

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4446 is saved on a computer originally owned by Dr. Fisher.

As SCP-4446 cannot be copied or otherwise replicated without its copy losing its anomalous properties, the computer itself has to be stored and therefore named SCP-4446-A.

SCP-4446-A is an otherwise normal functioning computer and does not require additional containment procedures. SCP-4446-A is stored inside a standard damp free containment container located on Site-12.

Description:  SCP-4446 is a 792x495 bitmap (.bmp) image of a Meißner Landschwein pig. In most cases SCP-4446 behaves as a normal .bmp file. These cases include copy and pasting, moving inside of SCP-4446-A, renaming and observing its code via any method.

SCP-4446 cannot be deleted or edited. Any attempt to do so is prompted by an alert that sufficient administrative rights are needed, even if executed as an admin. Methods of bypassing this alert have so far been unsuccessful or resulted in non-anomalous duplicates of SCP-4446.

The anomalous effect of SCP-4446 occurs when observing it via any image viewing software that supports zooming by mouse clicks, key binds or buttons, including photo galleries, image editing softwares, games that use SCP-4446 as a texture and browsers.

SCP-4446 can possibly be zoomed into indefinitely, as SCP-4446 is fractally defined. Each pixel that would normaly make up an image is itself an image of SCP-4446, and the 'pixels' making that sub-image up, are again images of SCP-4446. These sub-images are tinted accordingly.1

Notably some of these pixels depict something else than SCP-4446, albeit still related to pigs in some way. These are mostly different breeds and species of pigs, including wild boars, various landraces, bearded pigs, SCP-████ and others as well as text concerning pigs.

Zooming into a specific image (in other words any specific pixel) depicting something else than SCP-4446 will result in new sub-images being related to that specific image. See test logs for examples.

Zooming into SCP-4446 takes increasingly more effort for SCP-4446-A to process. SCP-4446-A becomes too slow to properly work with after a magnitude of roughly ████.

+Logs

-Logs

Test 1
Test 2
Test 3
Test 4

Branch:  Frontview of an unidentified Meißner Landschwein

Findings: 

Image of a pig tongue
Image of a Meißner Landschwein behind a fence
Image of two Meißner Landschwein eating unidentifiable food

Further zooming reveals food is maize
Zooming also shows text spelling 'yuck'

Image of a pig carcass hanging in a butcher shop
Text spelling 'pig'
Text spelling 'piqpie'

Image of a pie
Text spelling 'delicio'
Text spelling 'use'

Text spelling 'piq'
Text spelling 'bacon'

Image of bacon

附加记录：    

Branch:  Visayan warty pig (abbreviation: VWP)

Findings: 

Image of hair similar to that of VWP

Image of multiple VWP hiding inside the dandruffs of said hair

Another angle of the previous image

Image of pig excrements
Image of a VWP eating dirt
Image of two VWP mating
Image of a pig stomach
Text spelling 'pig'
Text spelling 'help'

Image of an expressionless cartoon VWP holding up a sign spelling 'help'

Image of the same VWP lying dead on the floor

Image of the same VWP rotting on the floor

Image of the same VWP's skeleton lying on the floor

Image of an expressionless cartoon VWP piglet holding up a sign spelling 'help'

附加记录：    

Branch:  A sleeping boar

Findings: 

Image of a boar eating dirt
Image of several boar piglets running around

Image of several boar piglets sleeping
Text spelling 'early'

Image of two boars eating
Image of a boar piglet being born
Image of a boar tusk
Image of several boars eating

Image of a boar stomach

Image of fishbones
Text spelling 'yum'

Text spelling 'pig'
Text spelling 'piq'

附加记录：    

Branch:  Dr. Fisher alongside a Meißner Landschwein

Findings: 

Image of a Meißner Landschwein eating
Image of a pig's eye

Text spelling 'look'

Image of Dr. Fisher's face, smiling
Image of a pig snout

Text spelling 'back'

Image of three Meißner Landschwein s standing in mud
Image of a boar fighting a cave man
Image of Dr. Fisher having intercourse with a Meißner Landschwein

Image of Dr. Fisher's face, ecstatic

Text spelling '████████ Farm'
Image of Dr. Fisher's face, content

Text spelling 'pig'

附加记录：    

Notes:  Dr. Fisher requested the removal of these logs and permanent discontinuation of research on SCP-4446. Denied
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Zooming into the snout, one would normaly find some black pixels. Although from afar this is the case, the further one zooms into any such black pixel, the more it lightens up and gains color. When the sub-image covers the entire viewing field, its colors are virtually identical to the original image. Zooming out reverses this effect.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 20:49
            
            Edit
+73)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Procedural Content Generation Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Paradox Haze
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hacking Thursday
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

