                        

SCP-4967 in life, c. 1982

Item #:  SCP-4967

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  Plants within the US Department of Reclamation are to conduct all examinations and inspections on the Hoover Dam reservoir and obfuscate the presence of SCP-4967. In the event Akiva radiation levels within the reservoir exceed 135 centiakiva, SCP-4967 is to be immediately encased in a lead-lined casket.

Description:  SCP-4967 is the cadaver of Michael Simmons, a former Las Vegas street performer1 whose remains were dumped in the Hoover Dam reservoir, presumably by his killer(s). The cadaver has not been observed to decay while in containment and appears to be in perfect condition despite being discovered in 1984. All attempts to relocate the object have failed.

Addendum 4967-1:  Following an increase in Tartarean entities manifesting in the Las Vegas area, The Foundation Department of Applied Force required an increased supply of holy water. This resulted in the exhaustion of Foundation-employed priests. Due to the time-consuming nature of the holy water creation process by non-Saints, the Foundation opted to seek an affordable long-term source.

The Department of Tactical Theology proposed several options for the mass-production of holy water, including the following involving SCP-4967:

DEPARTMENT OF 

TACTICAL THEOLOGY 

PROPOSAL 4661-4967-ALPHA 

The Catholic church believes that divine intervention plays a hand in preserving cadavers of the righteous. Though we know not and care not how Michael Simmons behaved in life, we know his corpse is, as the priests would call it, 'incorruptible', and therefore eligible for canonization.

It is also known that objects touched by a Saint become holy relics, or in the case of water, blessed holy water. We of the DoTT put forward the following proposition: pay the Catholic Church a generous 'donation' to quietly canonize SCP-4967. Though it will take some time, the corpse should be able to convert the city's entire water supply into holy water. In the meantime, MTFs can just directly siphon water from the dam to use in their operations.

- Y. Leiner 

Abrahamic Subdepartment Lead

The SCP-4967 plan was approved, and the Foundation engaged in communications with the Catholic Church representative to the Council of 108. The following is a transcription of communications between Agent Sterling and Cardinal Vicar Camillo Ruini, who was flown to Las Vegas for a meeting.

Below is a transcribed copy of the meeting between Agent Sterling and Ruini.

 

[Ruini puts down the SCP-4967 proposition folder and slides it across the table to Agent Sterling.]

Ruini:  Ah, I see. A secret canonization.

Sterling:  Correct.

[Agent Sterling takes the folder and places it in her briefcase.]

Ruini:  I know you and yours love to keep secrets, but humor me, why don't you?

Sterling:  No need to be coy, Cardinal Vicar. I'm sure this was covered at the latest Council of 108 meeting. The United Nations likes keeping an eye on our activities, after all.

Ruini:  Heh. So the rumors are true.

Sterling:  Yeah. Vegas went to hell.

Ruini:  How interesting.

Sterling:  I'm sure you're interested in hearing our offer.

Ruini:  Let me guess, a donation? We are in no shortage of financial aid, Agent Sterling. The pious of the world are generous, as am I.

Sterling:  Are you saying you will do this for free?

Ruini:  No no no, my dear. An exchange, a non-financial one.

Sterling:  If you're going to ask about that spot in the Sinai, it's not happening.

Ruini:  I know better than to ask about that, Miss Sterling. I am not as pushy as my predecessor.

Sterling:  Agent Sterling.

Ruini:  I apologize, Agent Sterling. My request should be a little more palatable to your superiors. I'd like to examine a particular species of demon up-close.

Sterling:  We've got a bunch of them in containment chambers down below. I can inform Director House you will require armed back-up.

Ruini:  I can handle myself around succubi.

Sterling:  Oh.

[Agent Sterling shifts in her chair.]

Ruini:  All I require is your assistance in busying my handlers and ensuring no word gets out.

Sterling:  We'll keep it quiet.

Ruini:  Then we have an agreement.

 
附加记录：    

After being canonized, SCP-4967 has gained the ability to generate holy water via contact with non-anomalous water. The rate of conversion is expected to have affected the entire Las Vegas water supply by 2023. SCP-4967 was reclassified from Euclid to Thaumiel.

Footnotes
1. Specifically, Simmons was an Elvis Presley impersonator and is dressed as such.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Oct 2020 05:01
            
            Edit
+169)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifa Be A Pro 360
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Парламентаризм России
                      
              Всё о парламенте и парламентариях
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            +VOYAGE34+
                      
              Is this trip really necessary?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            zeromq
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

