                        

2/2517
CLASSIFIED

Item #: SCP-2517
Object Class: Euclid

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Special Containment Procedures:  Samples of the spores and fruiting bodies of SCP-2517 are stored in Bio Site-66's cryogenic storage facility. Human testing of SCP-2517 requires the approval of Site-66's Site Director and Ethics Committee liaison, and must occur offsite. Individuals found in possession of SCP-2517 are to be detained and interrogated; those who have used SCP-2517 habitually for a period of more than four months or who have used SCP-2517 for religious or mystical purposes are to be treated with Class-C amnestics prior to release. Any samples of the fruiting bodies, spores, or mycelia of SCP-2517 found outside Foundation containment are to be incinerated.

Description:  SCP-2517 is an anomalous species of psychedelic mushroom in the genus Psilocybe. In addition to psilocybin and psilocin—produced at slightly higher concentrations than related species—the fruiting bodies of SCP-2517 contain the psychedelic compounds 5-MeO-DMT, LSA, and mescaline; as a result, the effects of SCP-2517 are longer-lasting and more intense than other psychedelic mushrooms. SCP-2517 fruiting bodies are typically 4 to 6 it can be distinguished from related species by the dark blue coloration of its cap and stem.

Users of SCP-2517 uniformly report visual hallucinations of geometric figures and patterns with fivefold rotational symmetry, particularly surrounding faces, heads, and written text. Other common effects include visual and tactile hallucinations of worms or maggots on floors and walls; “doubling” of facial features, especially ears and eyes, on others2. These hallucinations are frequently described as pre-existing features of the world, “revealed” by the drug’s effects rather than created by them.

When taken habitually over at least 4 months, SCP-2517's anomalous effects manifest. Users experience symptoms of hallucinogen persisting perception disorder, or HPPD3; the geometric hallucinations continue after the other effects of SCP-2517 have ceased, and become more pronounced with continued use. Users also become significantly more resistant to memetic effects, and have significantly enhanced short- and long-term memory; memetic resistance and enhanced memory increase as habitual use of SCP-2517 continues.

After approximately 6 months, habitual users of SCP-2517 will begin to fabricate memories of non-existent people, usually friends, relatives, or colleagues. Users claim that these individuals existed at one point but were  some claim that this force wishes to erase them, but is prevented from doing so by their continued use of SCP-2517. Users at this stage will cut ties with family and friends, or attempt to convince them to begin regular use of SCP-2517, in an attempt to protect them from this force.

After approximately 20 months, habitual users' social circles will consist entirely of other SCP-2517 users; these individuals have cut ties to all friends and family who do not also use SCP-2517, although they almost universally claim that most of their acquaintances have been erased from reality. Falsified memories of individuals at this stage will frequently be very broad and relatively internally consistent, and users will frequently claim to share memories of the same acquaintances. At every stage of habitual use, the effects of SCP-2517 can be reversed with Class-C amnestic treatment; there have been no recorded cases of an individual ceasing SCP-2517 use without the aid of amnestics.

Addendum 2517-1: Historical Context 

Use of SCP-2517 was associated in the Hellenistic and Roman world with a religious sect known as the Mysteries of the Five-Named Goda god who was omniscient and omnipresent, and who could be seen through the use of SCP-2517 (which he refers to only as  as members attained higher degrees of initiation, they were allowed to take larger doses of SCP-2517 as a sacrament in the Cult's weekly rituals.

Constantius mentions the falsified memories associated with heavy SCP-2517 use, and claims that Cult doctrine saw the , a Gnostic Christian sect who replaced the bread of the eucharist with SCP-2517.

The doctrine of the Mykoparastatai8 and which incarnates on earth in the form of prophets or Archons, the greatest of which was Jesus of Nazareth.

Persecution of the Mykoparastatai in the Byzantine Empire and the kingdoms of Georgia and Armenia on the grounds of heresy occurred throughout the Middle Ages, and by the 11th Century the sect survived only in small villages in Anatolia and the Caucasus. Use of SCP-2517 for religious purposes continued in these isolated pockets until the early 20th century; almost all the remaining members of the sect were killed by the Ottoman government as a part of the Armenian Genocide. The survivors are believed to have emigrated to the United States, joining Armenian diaspora communities in Ventura County, CA and Union County, GA; the extent to which these individuals continued their religious practice and use of SCP-2517 after immigrating is unknown.

Footnotes
1. Similar to “face-morphing” hallucinations associated with LSD
2. Strongly correlated with users in large urban centers.
3. A disorder characterized by the continual presence of visual disturbances in the form of , usually associated with the use of hallucinogenic drugs.
4. 
5. 
6. Recorded in the Ekpyrotic Gospels, a series of accounts of the life and teachings of Jesus; these were written in the 5th century by Saint-Archon Horatios Megatyphro, a Greco-Armenian monk and scholar living in the Kingdom of Georgia.
7. Associated with SCP-2517, referred to in the Ekpyrotic Gospels as the Sophomykes, the Wisdom-Mushroom.
8. Equated with the persistent geometric hallucinations caused by heavy use of SCP-2517.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            04 Apr 2019 19:01
            
            Edit
+101)
Tags
Discuss (23)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Bloodborne
                      
              From Softwares new dark fantasy project. (Project Beast)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Academic Writing
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            보카로 가사 위키
                      
              Vocaloid Lyrics Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Backrooms
                      
              Watch Your Back...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

