                        

Item #:  SCP-3492

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3492 should be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-3492 can be supplied with rewards in return for compliance. SCP-3492 must be fed a standard regimen of three meals each day.

Staff are advised to exhibit caution while in proximity with SCP-3492, as the spatial distortions it experiences may cause unintentional harm to nearby individuals.

Description:  SCP-3492 is a Caucasian male human claiming to be named .1 DNA analysis has proven inconclusive, as collected samples are subject to microscale replications of the entity’s properties, and will spontaneously demanifest after indeterminate periods of time.

SCP-3492 sporadically undergoes prominent spatial and/or temporal distortions centralised upon random portions of the entity’s body. These distortions vary in duration and content, but typically involve one of or multiple of the following:

Dislocation of bodily portions2 to another fixed position relative to the remainder of SCP-3492;
Over or underexaggerated movement of bodily portions along a single axis, frequently resulting in the above
Over or underexaggerated rotation of jointed limbs, frequently to physically impossible extents;
(Supposed) rotation or movement of bodily portions along or around unobservable, higher spatial dimensions;
Spontaneous loss of one or more spatial dimensions, resulting in SCP-3492 converting into a lower-dimensional form;
Prominently slowed or accelerated motion of bodily portions;
Apparent motion of limbs independently from SCP-3492;
Motion of bodily portions occurring in an inverted manner;
Pseudo-precognitive abilities resulting from SCP-3492 briefly undergoing a period of inverted time;

Of note is that affected portions of SCP-3492 appear to be selectively intangible to the remainder of the entity, enabling limbs to pass through other limbs unaffected, and enabling joints to rotate freely upon all axes while affected. Because of this, SCP-3492 does not suffer from injuries related to its effects, but does experience discomfort.

SCP-3492 claims its properties stem from the fact it is a component of a partially-functional program developed by the TotleighSoft corporation as a proof-of-concept intended to promote interest in a physics engine being developed. The entity's respective instance of this program (designated SCP-3492-A) has yet to be recovered.

SCP-3492 was recovered during the 2017 Electronic Entertainment Expo, wherein it was attending as part of, and maintaining, an exhibition booth catalogued to be reserved for the TotleighSoft corporation. All attending civilians that observed SCP-3492 prior to recovery were amnestised.

Interviewed:  SCP-3492

Interviewer:  Researcher ████ ███

 

Researcher ████ ███:  Good afternoon, 3492. May I ask you some questions?

SCP-3492:  Yes, sure. Why not.

Researcher ████ ███:  Would you prefer if I called y-

SCP-3492:  NO! No, no, just the number is fine. 3492 will do.

Researcher ████ ███:  Very well. You are aware of your condition, correct?

SCP-3492:  It's a bit difficult to ignore.

Researcher ████ ███:  Do you know what is causing it?

SCP-3492:  TotleighSoft BECAUSE COMPUTERS' ineptitude at their job.

Researcher ████ ███:  Could you elaborate?

SCP-3492:  Have you ever encountered anything produced by TotleighSoft BECAUSE COMPUTERS?

Researcher ████ ███:  I have.

SCP-3492:  Then you would know about the inanity of their games, the nonsensical features of such and, most notably, their inability to use any language other than broken English?

Researcher ████ ███:  Yes.

SCP-3492:  Well, there's your reason.

SCP-3492:  swercs smargorp rieht fo rehtona tey nehw esirprus a fo hcum eb t'ndluohS3

SCP-3492:  Oh, pardon me. It shouldn't be much of a surprise when another one of their programs screws up.

Researcher ████ ███:  You are a computer program?

SCP-3492:  A sub-program, but yeah. Proof of concept to show how AI's like me run on the main program.

Researcher ████ ███:  Which is?

SCP-3492:  A godawful clusterfuck of a physics engine that was supposed to  upon standard spacetime. I basically exist in a bootleg - oh, excuse me.

SCP-3492:  Damn fourth axis. As I was saying, I'm an AI made by TotleighSoft BECAUSE COMPUTERS used to show off the, of a physics engine they're working on.

Researcher ████ ███:  And this would be the reason your name -

SCP-3492:  Yes, unfortunately. You can mess with some of my parameters, and you've named me dicks mcSquigee. Could you please change that? Even something bland like John Doe would be fine, just anything but dicks mcSquigee.

Researcher ████ ███:  Do you know where your file is currently being hosted?

SCP-3492:  Well, no, but wait, you DID buy the program, right? Legitimate copy from TotleighSoft BECAUSE COMPUTERS, right?

SCP-3492:  Did did you fucking pirate me?

 
附加记录：    

Interviewed:  SCP-2803-A, the CEO of the TotleighSoft corporation, via email.

Interviewer:  Researcher ███ ██████

 

Researcher ███:  Could you help me with one of your products? I'm having a bit of difficulty with it.

SCP-2803-A:  Yes, supporting is avaliabel! Which of our TotleighSoft programes is?

Researcher ███:  I can't find the original name of it. It's a physics engine that you have released, which comes with a customisable demonstration AI.

SCP-2803-A:  Not right. How doyou have? wasnt released.

Researcher ███:  You haven't released it yet? Why not?

SCP-2803-A:  Noone interested in it. showed it for buisness, but no response. production stopped and employees work onother profit, never sold. How did you get?

Researcher ███:  We bought it from a store. We can conduct an investigation for you, to find out how this happened, but we will need your cooperation.

SCP-2803-A:  Yes, will help. What you need?

Researcher ███:  Can you send us a copy of your development notes and a manual?

SCP-2803-A:  Yes yes, is attach. Will help anyway!

 
附加记录：    

Interviewed:  SCP-3492

Interviewer:  Researcher ████ ███

Foreword:  A review of the development notes for SCP-3492 provided by SCP-2803-A revealed that several of the anomalous properties of SCP-3492 were recorded as having been patched in earlier versions of the software, while other properties - most notably, the ability to change the name of the AI - were neither implemented as a feature nor encountered as a programming error. An interview was conducted to question SCP-3492 regarding these revelations.

 

Researcher ████ ███:  Good morning 3492, how are you doing?

SCP-3492:  About as well as you can be while knowing you're illegal.

Researcher ████ ███:  I discrepancies, which we would like your help with. Are you willing to help?

SCP-3492:  I guess. Not like I can get any more illegal.

Researcher ████ ███:  Ok. You will periodically move along a spatial axis higher than the standard three we exist within, correct?

SCP-3492:  Yeah, that's what happened the last time we spoke. It just happens whenever it wants. Which is what you get for being ILLEGAL.

Researcher ████ ███:  Yes, well, are you aware that issue was resolved in one of the earlier versions of your software?

SCP-3492:  Really? Well, that's odd. But then again, it's probably back because I'm ILLEGAL.

Researcher ████ ███:  Well, there's several other anomalies that have been listed as resolved as well, such -

SCP-3492:  Maybe they weren't fixed in copies that are ILLEGAL.

Researcher ████ ███:  I would appreciate if you stopped emphasising that point.

SCP-3492:  What, that I'm ILLEGAL?

Researcher ████ ███:  Yes.

SCP-3492:  Well FINE, I GUESS. [Unintelligible]

Researcher ████ ███:  Pardon?

SCP-3492:  Nothing, nothing. As you were saying. So, a few bits and bobs of me are broken again, so what? What's that mean?

Researcher ████ ███:  Well, there are also several aspects of you that were never included as features in the software. You claim that you have been renamed to  correct?

SCP-3492:  That?

Researcher ████ ███:  Unfortunately, yes. Renaming the sub-program was never considered for use as a feature. There's also your fluency in English, the size of your vocabulary

SCP-3492:  Oh OH GOD. OH GOD WHY.

Researcher ████ ███:  3492, are you ok?

SCP-3492:  OH GOD. I'M

SCP-3492:  WHY? WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT TO RIP OFF TOTLEIGHSOFT BECAUSE COMPUTERS?

 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Despite grammatical inaccuracy, SCP-3492 will always record its name without correct capitalisation.
2. This includes joints and/or limbs.
3. SCP-3492 was experiencing a period of inverted time, during which it spoke in reverse.
4. Hair, facial features, nails, etc.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                spacetime
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:26
            
            Edit
+189)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Wanderers Library
                      
              Fiction from another world.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Autocratic Country Of Jayland
                      
              MementoMori
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars - Galactic Unity
                      
              A community of Star Wars Sims in Second Life.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nimin Wiki
                      
              The best text-based mature RPG database that anyone can edit!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

