                        

Item #:  SCP-767

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-13 are to be held within SCP-767-14, which shall be kept closed and locked at all times. SCP-767 is to be held in the Hazardous Items secure containment center of Research Site ███. Access to SCP-767 requires written authorization of at least one Level 4 site administrator.

Description:  SCP-767 is the designation of a series of objects which was recovered from [REDACTED] Police Department on ██/██/19██.

SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-12 are a series of photographs taken with an  written in a red substance that has the appearance of fresh blood. SCP-767-5 and SCP-767-4 indicate a viewpoint of someone who is facing downwards as they are drawn into the air above the table, with small wisps of dark smoke or gas visible along the edges. SCP-767-3 through SCP-767-1 portray a corpse, initially intact but with heavy lacerations, then [DATA EXPUNGED].

It is not known where these images were taken or if this was indeed how they originally were taken; when brought to a new location and kept for at least one week, SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-12 will change to reflect a room within the structure. If a sufficient  is not present, a room designed and furnished in the general style of the structure in which SCP-767 is kept will appear within the photographs. The individual present in SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-3 takes the form of the last individual to suffer the effects caused by exposure.

This self-adjusting property has been duplicated onto SCP-767-13 and SCP-767-14. SCP-767-13 is a police report written by the [REDACTED] Police Department investigating the murder scene portrayed in the photographs; the address of this scene will adjust at the same time as the images to the address of the new location. The date at the top of the report is ██/██/19██, two weeks before Foundation agents recovered SCP-767. SCP-767-14 is a brown leather valise, originally belonging to Officer █████ █████████. When the rest of SCP-767 alters, the gold monogram plate between the valise's locks will adjust to the name of whoever owns or currently is head of the new structure; it currently reads , who is the site administrator for Research Site ███.

Subjects exposed to the photographs within SCP-767 suffer a number of effects; while the most serious effect that occurs is based upon the highest number viewed, the time to onset of these effects is drastically reduced when viewing the photographs in numbered order up to that point. Confirmed effects are as follows:

SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-3:  No effects; subjects normally not adverse to images of bodily mutilation describe the viewing as  beyond their normal sensations.

SCP-767-4 through SCP-767-6:  Within one day of viewing, subjects develop claustrophobic tendencies when in rooms with low ceilings; roughly 50% of subjects also develop nyctophobia (fear of the dark, or more specifically fear of potentially negative occurrences in the dark). Intensity of fears is directly related to the number viewed, with 6 being the strongest.

SCP-767-7 through SCP-767-9:  All subjects exposed to SCP-767-7 thus far have revealed a sudden urge to examine the ceiling, usually snapping their heads upwards immediately, even if not exposed to the other photographs; most have described it as instinctual, as if the warning had been yelled at them. The above listed phobias will become apparent within six (6) to twelve (12) hours, along with sensations of being watched and persistent chills regardless of ambient temperatures.

SCP-767-10 through SCP-767-12:  Subjects who view these photographs suffer fear-induced paralysis if attempting to move away or engage in any activity not involving observation of SCP-767. No more than five minutes later, a black, gaseous mass begins to form at the ceiling, described as  video and photographic images do not record the appearance of this mass. If SCP-767-15 forms outdoors, or in a room taller than four meters, it will form at approximately the four-meter mark. Tendrils of the substance reach down to grip the affected subject and lift him or her into the air, at which point [DATA EXPUNGED] until it appears as in SCP-767-1.

The nature of SCP-767-15 is currently unknown. Researchers and security agents who have attempted to physically intervene are thrown away with great force, and physical attacks against the mass pass through without significantly altering the whole. Currently ongoing investigations have found ██ additional cases of bodies discovered in the same condition as that caused by SCP-767-15 over a course of one decade before Foundation agents became aware of the anomalous items and attributed to various other sources; similar reported instances which occur are under investigation for potential connections.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Apr 2018 12:54
            
            Edit
+139)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            GameMaker Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            PEMARF
                      
              Princípios de Evolução Molecular Aplicados à Reconstrução Filogenética
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LGAM Knowledge Base
                      
              Local Government Knowledge Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SB-KO1
                      
              SCP-KO 샌드박스 초호기
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

