                        

SCP-2826

Item #:  SCP-2826

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2826 is kept in a storage locker furnished with redundant fireproofing material at Site-19.

Description:  SCP-2826 is a Scottish police cap badge featuring an imperial crown, dated to 1955. Imaging of SCP-2826's interior indicates that several sheets of an irregular material (most likely cloth) are embedded in the object. The following is engraved on the back of SCP-2826:

Design  synthesis: PIC

Materials: JJv6

Mindfuck: LG

Distribution: BF

The best we could do on such short notice.

Use your lighter on this at the protest to see some real Three Stooges shit.
附加记录：    

When exposed to fire, SCP-2826 will glow with blue light for three hours. During this time, instances of SCP-2826-A will manifest within seven meters of the nearest gathering of police officers1 at a rate proportional to the size of the gathering.

SCP-2826-A are humanoid entities that impersonate members of the police force(s) in question. They appear with uniforms and equipment appropriate to this task, and are demographically consistent with the force. Law enforcement personnel will consistently identify SCP-2826-A as  this typically renders their efforts to assist real law enforcement personnel counterproductive. When subject to heavy application of force, SCP-2826-A disappear completely, accompanied by a loud popping sound.

When exposed to airborne lachrymatory agents (i.e. tear gas, pepper spray) in non-trivial quantities, SCP-2826 will emit a powerful burst of air in all directions for four seconds. This typically dispels said agents.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Recovery Log 2826-01 

SCP-2826 was recovered on 2016-11-12 in Portland, Oregon after surveillance footage identified ██████ Jansen, a participant in the then-ongoing protests against the election of Donald Trump and known affiliate of several local anarchist groups, in the possession of an unidentified object that was later proven to be SCP-2826. The subject's apparent activation of SCP-2826 coincided with the manifestation of several instances of SCP-2826-A among nearby police officers.

Mobile Task Force Omicron-92 was deployed to retrieve SCP-2826. During this operation, SCP-2826 affected MTF Omicron-9, creating several instances of SCP-2826-A that accompanied the team. This effect has not been replicated under controlled conditions, and field testing has been deemed impractical.

██████ Jansen was first approached by two members of SCP-2826-A, who emphatically stated that they were  however, a third instance of SCP-2826-A accidentally discharged pepper spray at the target, causing SCP-2826's secondary effects to activate. This had the effect of knocking all individuals involved over, allowing Jansen to escape from her captors and run into a nearby crowd.

The target evaded for the remainder of the protest, as two additional instances of SCP-2826-A repeatedly mistook other protesters for her and attempted to apprehend them, drawing unacceptable levels of attention towards Omicron-9. Retreat was delayed by SCP-2826-A impersonating members of the Portland Police Department, who were setting up and removing roadblocks at random.

Jansen was later identified with facial recognition software and detained, along with SCP-2826, at her home in Beaverton. Foundation investigations traced SCP-2826's origins, as well as those of several other anomalies, to the nearby headquarters of GoI-5869, .

An estimated 150 instances of SCP-2826-A manifested during the aforementioned protests over the course of two days, and frequently interfered with police operations. SCP-2826-A were captured on film by both civilians and media outlets, necessitating the scrubbing of related footage.3

Footnotes
1. The minimum group size for this effect to occur is six within a thirty-meter radius of each other.
2. A task force specialized in operating during civil unrest with heavy media presence.
3. For further information, see Document 2826-068, .

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Jun 2020 21:03
            
            Edit
+150)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wayward Society Sandbox
                      
              Even secret societies need to draft.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP環境再現サイト
                      
              実験、実験、爆発
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

