                        

Item #:  SCP-345

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-345 is to be kept inside a secure vault at Site-██. Seeing as the object is inert by itself, no further containment is necessary. Personnel seeking to solve SCP-345 need the permission of one level 2 personnel. SCP-345-1 is to be kept inside a 5m sealed room on Site-██.

Following Incident 345-1, personnel are only allowed to solve one of the six faces of SCP-345; trying to solve all faces will result in reassignment to MTF Epsilon-8 ().

Description:  SCP-345 is a stone cube, whose faces are each divided into nine squares of equal size, and sections of which can be rotated in a fashion similar to a common puzzle toy. Each face of the cube measures 5.7cm. Instead of the normal six colors commonly found in this kind of puzzle, the squares represent six different materials: an intrusive magmatic rock resembling granite, an intrusive magmatic rock resembling gabbro, an extrusive magmatic rock resembling basalt, a sedimentary rock resembling sandstone, volcanic glass resembling obsidian, and a high-grade metamorphic rock resembling granite gneiss.

SCP-345 can be opened by forcibly pulling its sides apart. The cube is hollow, possessing a circular cavity 4.5cm in diameter in its center.

If left open for 5 seconds, SCP-345 will automatically close and shuffle itself for two minutes. Afterward, it may be safely handled. Note that it will not be possible to force SCP-345 open after the shuffling takes place.

Solving SCP-345 is no harder than solving the common versions of the puzzle. However, if one of the faces becomes complete, one of the following situations may occur:

If the completed face represents one of the magmatic rocks, SCP-345 will heat up to approximately either 1500°C (gabbro face), 1200°C (basalt face) or 900°C (granite face). The amount of time SCP-345 takes to cool down also greatly varies, with the basalt face being the fastest (up to 50 minutes) and the gabbro face being the slowest (up to 250 days).

If the completed face represents the sedimentary rock, the cube will start shaking violently for up to 10 hours. The sound of either water running or wind howling can be heard coming from inside SCP-345 during the whole process.

If the completed face represents volcanic glass, SCP-345 will heat up to approximately 900°C, and will take up to 5 minutes to cool down.

If the completed face represents the metamorphic rock, SCP-345 will suffer the same process that would happen if the granite face was completed. After cooling down, the cube will proceed to shuffle itself at high speeds, making loud grinding sounds while it does so, for up to 50 hours.

After one of the processes is over, SCP-345 can be opened again, and a sculpture made of the same material that was represented by the completed face can be found inside of it. The small sculpture will always be of a planet or planetoid 4.5cm in diameter. These sculptures do not resemble any currently known planet.

If more than one face is completed at the same time, both corresponding processes will occur, one followed by the other. The statue created will be made of both materials; for instance, the sculpture created by completing the granite and obsidian faces at the same time had its  made of obsidian.

SCP-345 was recovered by Agent █████ on ██/██/20██, ██ days after the eruption of the ██████████ Volcano in █████████, Ecuador. █████ claims to have found it near the base of the volcano, and took it as a curiosity. He learned about the true nature of the SCP after trying to solve it, suffering third degree burns in the process.

Incident 345-1  On ██/██/20██, while Dr. ████ tested SCP-345, she managed to complete all faces, by not opening the cube once a face was completed. SCP-345 proceeded to rumble for 3 minutes, after which it opened by itself. A small metal sphere, 4.5m/s. Strong gravitational forces were detected in the vicinity of the sphere, visibly affecting objects up to 15 meters away. Seconds later, a dense orange liquid with an average surface temperature of approximately 4000°C began flowing from SCP-345, which proceeded to encompass the metal sphere. Afterward, another, denser liquid began flowing out of SCP-345. It also proceeded to encircle the sphere. This liquid continued to flow from inside SCP-345 until the sphere reached a diameter of 2.3 meters, at which point the flow stopped and SCP-345 automatically closed. The resulting sphere was still slowly spinning and hovering above the ground. It was extremely dense, and its gravitational pull was strong enough to severely damage its surroundings. The temperature at the surface varied between 900 and 1600°C.

30 minutes later, parts of the outermost  flowing between them. Little volcanoes and mountains could also be observed. At this point, a special containment team with heat-resistant equipment was moved in to relocate the sphere to a safer room. The sphere was later designated SCP-345-1. Studies regarding the probability of its eventual development of an atmosphere are underway.

Note:  Although at first we thought that SCP-345 had created a copy of Earth, as of █/██/20██, studies have shown that it is unlikely that SCP-345-1 will develop an atmosphere, and the composition of its  Dr. ████.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Mar 2020 21:49
            
            Edit
+168)
Tags
Discuss (32)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox SCP PT-BR
                      
              Onde SCPs Nascem
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Il Set di Dev
                      
              LAngolo di Scrittura di Dev, non solo SCP
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores OTS
                      
              Tu lugar de imaginación para los OTS, relatos y mucho más
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            A Shining Brainless Beacon
                      
              I Have a Special Plan for This World
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

