                        

SCP-019-IT during the reproductive phase

Item #:  SCP-019-IT

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A single colony of SCP-019-IT is contained for research purposes in a structure for aquatic organisms at the Neptune Site. The pipes connected to this structure must contain gratings with spaces of width less than 2lb) of vegetable material must be introduced into the tank to allow the specimens of SCP-019-IT to feed themselves.

Description:  SCP-019-IT is a genetically modified species of marine organisms belonging to the Echinoidea class, commonly known as sea urchins. They are characterized by a round body that can reach a diameter of 14 when it feels threatened, SCP-019-IT releases from them a powerful neurotoxin in the surrounding area, which stimulates other specimens to release them in turn. The oral opening of SCP-019-IT has five sufficiently resistant bone-like plates to grind wood and small stones. SCP-019-IT is very adaptive and is capable of living in both fresh and salt water, at temperatures between -25°C (-13°F) and 60°C (140°F) and withstand pressures up to 48 atm (705 psi). SCP-019-IT can also enter a state of hibernation if there is not enough food for its subsistence.

SCP-019-IT reproduces by budding: when a specimen of SCP-019-IT reaches a body mass of about 40lb). The newborn can reproduce itself after only 36 hours if it has enough food.

SCP-019-IT is capable of destroying entire ecosystems and cause the extinction of countless aquatic species in an extremely short time due to of its speed of reproduction, its adaptability and the lack of natural predators able to feed on it. For this reason, the SSM-II () must investigate any news concerning SCP-019-IT and delete any specimen.

Recovery Log:  A serious loss of fish occurred in 2016 in Marina di Sestri, Genova, attracted the attention of the Foundation, which sent the SSM-II to investigate. Analysis of seawater samples and fish carcasses revealed the presence of an unknown neurotoxin, particularly concentrated in an area about 400 within it more than ████ specimens of SCP-019-IT were found. Twenty of them were contained to study them while the others were eliminated and incinerated.

Note of Captain Basilio Aramini, commander of the SSM-II: 

SCP-019-IT represents an immense threat: just imagine what would have happened if that container had been opened. For this reason, I request the installation along the Italian coasts of sensors able to identify the neurotoxin produced by SCP-019-IT so as to be able to trace the free specimens.
附加记录：    

Note from the Sixth Superintendent:  The Council of S5 approves the request. The SSM-II can proceed with the creation and installation of the detectors both along the coasts and in the lake areas.
附加记录：    

Addendum SCP-019-IT-A:  During an SSM-IV ( some pages are shown below.

+SCP-019-IT

-Close

Date: 24/04/2016, page 1 

Today there are new Chimeras from Base 9. The director Natti did not explain much, he simply told us that the dictator wants an antidote to their toxin that is also lethal for them, but not for  I'll do some little research on my own.
附加记录：    

Date: 24/05/2016, page 30 

Even today we have failed. The Dictator will not be happy to know that the E-15 project is not finished yet. It had to be ready today, but nothing! Natti is terrified: tomorrow the Dictator will come here to see our results and we do not have It makes me a pain, the manager, trembles like a leaf, he who is usually so arrogant and self-assured. Maybe he can get some more time.
附加记录：    

Date: 25/05/16, page 31 

Natti is dead. The Dictator has not tolerated its failure. Alberti took his place and the Dictator gave him another month. We are all working hard, but we have another weight on our conscience. But it doesn't matter; we are doing it for Italy, our country. Natti was a necessary sacrifice.
附加记录：    

Date: 12/06/2016, page 49 

The E-15 project is stalling. We have created a compound that can neutralize the Chimera neurotoxin, but we cannot kill them yet. If we knew what organisms were used to create them, perhaps we could use something that was poisonous for them; I will tell Alberti to ask for more information. If only I could identify them in time, maybe Natti would still be alive I don't have to think about it, damn.
附加记录：    

Date: 13/06/16, page 50 

Base 9 was authorized to send us the data we needed; the animal at the base of the E-15 Chimeras is Arbacia lixula2, with different sections directly modified. They did not tell us which genes they entered or modified, or at what level, but that's okay. We have to do it in 10 days: the month of time is almost over and nobody wants to see Alberti die like that.
附加记录：    

Date: 18/06/16, page 55 

We made it! The AntiE-15 compound is finally complete. Alberti contacted the Dictator, who said he was fully satisfied and that we will all be rewarded for our excellent work. The director told us that he would come in person, but that his commitments do not allow him.
附加记录：    

Addendum SCP-019-IT-B:  One of the documents found by the SSM-IV has been successfully deciphered. Its content is strictly reserved for Level 3 or higher personnel.

+credentials

-allowed

“CAOS FABRICAT ORDINEM”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Director Alberti,

First of all, I congratulate you for the excellent work done; unlike your predecessor, you have guided your subordinates with methodical precision and created a valuable tool for our final triumph. You have been a true leader and you have won my esteem and trust; so I'm going to put you in charge of Operation E-15.

This is nothing complex, don't worry. Simply, I want you to fill a container of Chimere E-15 and throw it into the sea, preferably in a populated area to quickly attract public attention. When this happens, you will be my spokesperson for the Republicans and you will report to them that we are the creators of beings who have poisoned the waters and that we alone possess an effective antidote. If they want us to use it, they will have to pay us; otherwise, we will free a colony in a water reservoir, as a second demonstration. I am sure that they will yield to the victims of their stupidity.

I have one final instruction: in case you discover that the SCP Foundation is investigating your operations, cancel the mission. If you were discovered or, even worse, caught, the consequences could prove disastrous, so I urge you to be cautious.

Do not disappoint me, Alberti. I have great plans for you.

Dictator, Supreme Commander of the CFO.

⎰ SIC DICTATOR DIXIT AC VULT ⎱

Footnotes
1. Scientific name of the sea urchin.
2. Scientific name of the yellow gorgonian.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                toxic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Aug 2020 21:34
            
            Edit
+21)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondazione SCP
                      
              Branca Italiana della SCP Foundation
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP-FS
                      
              確保、収容、遊べ！
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Witchipedia
                      
              The online encyclopedia of magick, folklore and the occult
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

