                        

SCP-2484, brand name has been censored

Item #:  SCP-2484

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2484-A is to be kept in a standard Refrigerated Perishables locker. Security clearance of Level-3 or higher is required to access SCP-2484 or any amount of SCP-2484-A. During testing, no more than 400g of SCP-2484-A should be removed. No potentially destructive tests are to be authorized for SCP-2484 at this time.

Description:  SCP-2484 is a jar containing approximately .95 liters (1024mL an hour. SCP-2484-A is able to be destroyed by any means applicable to non-anomalous mayonnaise.

Any amount of SCP-2484-A less than 5g will begin to develop a congealed membrane over their surface, and begin slowly locomoting via crude pseudopod-like structures, seemingly without direction.

Masses of SCP-2484-A between 63g will actively attempt to make their way inside vertebrate animals, through any available means (including oral, nasal, aural, ocular, rectal, or genital orifices, open wounds, and sweat pores)

Any mass of SCP-2484-A exceeding 804g) will violently force itself into vertebrate animals, most often through oral orifices, although occasionally resorting to forcefully pushing through the skin.

Secondary anomalous qualities will begin manifesting if a subject ingests a sufficient quantity of SCP-2484-A (approximately 3g per kg of body weight). When a subject has consumed enough SCP-2484-A, its metabolism will be altered slightly, typically resulting in higher blood sugar levels, elevated heart rate, increased body temperature, and decreased brain function.

After consumption, the subject will begin metabolizing SCP-2484-A into small, gamete-like cells via a process that is not yet understood. Over the next 3-6 hours, these cells will develop into small (~1mm) nematoid worms. Approximately 500 worms are produced per gram of SCP-2484-A consumed.

For the next 5 to 40 hours, these worms will begin to consume the tissues of their host organism, and will grow to lengths of up to 12cm. This organism will then enter a dormant state, and will die within 4 days. If worms are removed at any point, they will die within 5 hours. No attempts to save affected organisms have met with success, and consumption of sufficient amounts of SCP-2484-A is always lethal.

Addendum-2484-1:  SCP-2484 was recovered on 9/9/20██, from ████████ Sandwich Shop, in ██████████, Massachusetts, after Foundation operatives intercepted several reports of unusual parasite activity. SCP-2484 was found in a refrigerator alongside several other non-anomalous jars of mayonnaise and other food items. When questioned, staff could not explain where SCP-2484 had come from, and had no memory of how long it had been in the refrigerator.1 After confiscation of SCP-2484, all ████████ Sandwich Shop employees and 14 medical and EMS personnel, were given Class-D amnestics.

Addendum-2484-2:  The following is a transcript of the ingredients listed on SCP-2484’s label.

Water, vegetable oil, vinegar, eggs. Eggs. EGGS. EAT. EGGS. BE. EGGS. YOURE FLESH IS BUT THE NURSERY AND SUSTINENCE OF OUR INCALCULABLE RAVENOUS MOUTHS. EAT EGGS. CONSUME US. LET US BE REALIZED WITHIN YOU, sugar, salt, lemon juice, and love.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Unusual parasite activity reports dated back 10 weeks, consisting of 38 cases of confirmed SCP-2484-A consumption.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  B7TYvol.jpg

Author:  AJMansfield

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki

Derivative of: 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Name:  Duke's Mayonnaise

Author:  Andrew Filer

License:  CC BY-SA 2.0

Source Link:  Link

Additional Notes:  Image was edited by AJMansfield.
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                vermian
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Nov 2020 00:03
            
            Edit
+102)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Save Energy, Save Future
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            OzRadOnc
                      
              A collection of thoughts and notes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            www.schrijven.wikidot.com
                      
              Voor teksten, artikelen, verhalen en poëzie
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dyslexia Connection
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

