                        

Snapshot of video footage inside the SCP.

Item #:  SCP-398

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-398 is contained behind a reverse-airlock style containment chamber locking mechanism consisting of at least three steel doors and an atmospheric reduction system. A minimum of two guards must be stationed at the doors, remaining at a 50m distance from the entrance to the SCP.

Description:  SCP-398 appears to all subjects as a hallway of some description; however, details differ between accounts. It is first seen as a hallway with white walls, plain wooden doors twenty (20) metres apart and approximately two (2) metres high, and brass handles, with no special attributes visible. This detail is consistent across all accounts. It was found on location at [DATA EXPUNGED] and upon investigation, a Dimensional Containment Site was set up around it. The remainder of the original building surrounding it is unremarkable and has been demolished as such.

Addendum-398-A: 

Agent ██████ sent to research subject, equipped with a hand-held video camera with transmission feed. Agent ██████ travels down the hall.

Agent ██████:  The hall it's changed.

Transmission shows no change in the hall's appearance.

Control:  Changed? How so?

Agent ██████:  It's different from when I walked in. Dark wood-paneled walls. Red carpet and Monet paintings. I like it.

Control:  Continue, Agent. Go in further.

Agent ██████:  Roger, sir. Continuing.

Agent ██████ continues until the appearance of several doors. The door is similar in design to others in the location.

Control:  Agent ██████, open the one on the immediate right.

Agent ██████:  Yes, sir.

Agent ██████ opens the door to reveal an unpainted and unfurnished room.

Agent ██████:  It seems to be a cafeteria.

Control:  A cafeteria? Is there anyone in it?

Agent ██████:  You can't see it? There's no one in here, just tables, chairs, and a buffet-style layout. Smells real good and I haven't had lunch yet.

Control:  Noted. Open the door opposite this room.

Agent ██████ opens the door. It is identical to the first room in appearance.

Agent ██████:  This one it's a bedroom.

Control:  A bedroom?

Agent ██████:  Yes, a child's room. The one I wanted from a catalog when I was a kid, because it had Spider-Man sheets. We couldn't afford it.

Control : Noted. Continue. Open one more, and return, Agent.

Agent ██████ exits the room and opens the one next to it. Again, it is identical to the first two.

Agent ██████:  She can't be here.

Control:  What, Agent? What's through this door?

Agent ██████:   person in the room can't be her.

Control:  Agent ██████, please return now.

Agent ██████ lowers the camera and only the floor can be seen.

Agent ██████:  I want to make it right, baby. Shhh, it's okay, don't cry. It was all my fault.

Footsteps are heard, and then a soft, incomprehensible crooning from Agent ██████.

Control:  Agent ██████? Did you hear me?

Agent ██████:  I'm so sorry I let you go. Don't you worry, it won't happen again.

Control:  Agent ██████, you will turn around, close the door, and return to the outside. That is an order!

Agent ██████:  With all due respect, sir, no. I can make it work this time.

At this point, the camera is lifted and then the feed is abruptly ended.
附加记录：    

Addendum-398-B: 

After loss of Agent ██████, Class-D personnel are to be sent into SCP-398.

Personnel D-193 and D-216 are sent equipped with hand-held video cameras to explore further.

Transcription of audio follows.

 

Control : Right, you two. Continue onward.

D-193 : Understood.

Transmission shows the same hall seen in Addendum-398-A. D-193 appears to be in front of D-216. D-216's feed shows D-193 walking ahead of him.

D-193 : There are doors. Shall I open one?

Control : No. Continue onwards.

The class-D personnel continue. After a few metres, D-216 gasps.

Control : D-216? What's wrong?

No answer is heard.

D-193 : He seems to be unconscious, sir.

Control : His vitals have dropped out. He's dead. Leave him and continue, 193.

D-193 : Roger, sir.

██ seconds pass.

D-193 : The hall's changing, sir.

The feed shows no change.

Control : Describe.

D-193 : It's starting to look like the corridor outside of my old cell. I never wanted to see this again. But it looks like it gets better just up ahead.

Control : Noted. Open the door to your left, 193.

D-193 opens the door. It is identical to the rooms seen in Addendum-398-A. A burst of breath is heard from D-193. His heart rate rises.

Control : What is it, 193?

D-193 : It's the basement we had in a house I lived in as a child. I always hated it, I never went in.

D-193's voice is shaky.

D-193 : Oh god. Can you hear that? There are voices. Something's down there.

Nothing can be heard except D-193's breathing.

Control : What are they saying, 193?

D-193 : I don't know, but I'm getting out of here. It will get better further on. It has to.

D-193 starts to run on down the hall.

Control : Negative, D-193. Return at once.

D-193 : I can't, sir. It's terrible back there. It will be better further on. Much better.

The log continues for █ minutes until the feed is inexplicably cut off.

 
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Apr 2020 13:04
            
            Edit
+98)
Tags
Discuss (32)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteca Digital Curt Nimuendajú
                      
              livros e artigos sobre línguas sul-americanas
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Emchina2010
                      
              Trip to China 2010 Groep T
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Crosswindsgarou
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            TalkingPad Project
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

