                        

Item #:  SCP-3562

Improper MLA heading

Object Class:  Safe Keter

Indent your paragraphs

Special Containment Procedures:  Edgewood High School is to be monitored by armed security personnel.

Too much passive voice, no explanation of main premise. Poor introductory paragraph.

Description:  SCP-3562 is an anomalous phenomenon which first manifested within Edgewood Public High School in ███████████, Virginia on Add citation after quote will be present adjacent to the grade.

If an individual views an instance of SCP-3562-1 with a grade of 59% or lower, said individual will undergo a temporary spatial displacement the next time they pass through a doorway or other architectural opening, entering an extradimensional location hereafter designated SCP-3562-2. Too short! Paragraphs need a minimum of five sentences.

Little information has been accumulated regarding the events that transpire within SCP-3562-2, as none of your business, as images captured prior to equipment failure are always heavily distorted.

Subjects return from SCP-3562-2 approximately one hour after displacement if they behave. Returning subjects, hereafter designated SCP-3562-4, possess numerous physical alterations within their frontal, temporal, and parietal lobes, resulting in extensive modifications to their cognitive processes. The most notable of these changes include:

Don't use bullet points!

Eidetic knowledge of several classic literary works, including The Scarlet Letter, Moby Dick, The Great Gatsby, and the complete works of William Shakespeare.

A notable increase in reading comprehension skills on both a pragmatic and semantic level. This includes both the ability to understand the literal context of a narrative work and the ability to interpret symbolic and allegorical meanings through the semiotic connotations of certain words and phrases.

A notable increase in average reading speed. SCP-3562-4 instances can read approximately nine hundred words per minute while still maintaining full comprehension of the text.

A compulsion to speak and write in a linguistically correct format, to the point where SCP-3562-4 instances are physically incapable of using incorrect grammar or spelling.

Complete immunity to all Class-IV and below text-based memetic hazards. The mechanism behind this immunity is not yet fully understood, although it is hypothesized to be an extension of the advanced ability to break down semiotic connotations within narrative works exhibited by SCP-3562-4 instances. Outdated information

Addendum 3562.2:  Incident Report: 04/09/2018 ???

On detention.

Upon examination, the contents of Site-82’s private servers were found to be completely erased with the exception of a single text file. The contents of the file are attached below.

Paragraph is too short, and poorly weaves into the quote.

Alright, I’ve wiped the entire archives. That should take care of that disrespectful and inappropriate. Still, I think it’s too late for me. At this point I’m either going to starve to death in this room or face whatever she has planned for me beyond that door. Before I go, I’m going to explain everything. I’ll upload this onto the site’s network so everyone will know what happened.

I was overseeing an experiment that involved exposing an SCP-3562-4 instance to a copy of SCP-████2, when SCP-3562's properties suddenly and radically changed. Up until now, SCP-3562 only infected physical documents brought into the Edgewood School, but today SCP-3562-1 instances started popping up on our server left and right. I don’t know how many people were infected, but I know that I was one of them.

My assistant and I managed to stay clean long enough to access the site’s main terminal, but we were infected during the process of wiping the system. My assistant decided to just get it over with. He left through the front door almost immediately. He said inappropriate. That was over four hours ago.

I think I've explained everything, and I'm tired of waiting. It's time for me to face her too. I'll try to take her out as best I can. I serve as an example for other students.

Pray for me,

Dr. Franc
附加记录：    
No conclusion paragraph, no work cited, no argument, no analysis

Footnotes
stuff that is none of your business.
Good teachers learn as much from their students as their students learn from them.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            31 May 2020 18:33
            
            Edit
+296)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Save Energy, Save Future
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AckySHINE MiniSites | Best of 2020
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

