                        

Still frame of SCP-220 in containment

Item #:  SCP-220

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-220 is housed in an empty condominium on property recently acquired by Research Sector-09. The subject believes the building to be occupied by other residents, and should be allowed to persist in this belief.

A false bus stop has been installed near the building's entrance; this measure has proven sufficient in deterring SCP-220 from wandering outside the containment perimeter. SCP-220 exhibits trepidation when venturing beyond the building's lobby, most likely due to mobility challenges; the subject will sometimes remain seated at the bus stop for upwards of one hour, before returning indoors.

SCP-220's room has been provided with a telephone connected to an automated recording service, ostensibly a courtesy of the residence; dietary, medical, and recreational needs are to be ascertained from these recordings and several live video feeds. New requests should be submitted to Dr. Hart for approval or denial.

In light of Incident 220-P, only D-class subjects are approved for in-person contact with SCP-220 and should be immediately quarantined after testing, in accordance with Sector-09's Type 2 Contagion Procedure.

Description:  SCP-220 is a multiracial, English-speaking human male, aged 76 years as of 5/15/12.

SCP-220 presents behaviors symptomatic of dissociative identity disorder, alternately referring to himself and behaving as one of two distinct identities. It is uncertain whether SCP-220 is affected by a psychological disorder or is deliberately playing the role of two persons.

In SCP-220's public and private behavior, the identity of  (a name which corresponds with the subject's birth certificate). Any individual who interacts with SCP-220 in person will be fully convinced that these identities are two separate persons.

Two variations of this phenomenon have been observed:

SCP-220 presents as  and refers to the other persona as a friend or relative. In this case, even when they have been previously informed of SCP-220's condition, test subjects unhesitatingly accept SCP-220's statements as fact.

SCP-220 presents as  at the same time.

Despite the anomalous nature of these conversations, test subjects never exhibit fear or distress during or when asked to recall time spent with SCP-220.

The effects of SCP-220 are irreversible, regardless of whether an individual is informed of SCP-220's nature before and/or after the in-person test. Within 4-6 hours of contact with SCP-220, affected individuals will begin to display signs of slight disorientation  forgetting their purpose in entering a room or the subject of a conversation.

This disorientation gives way to a permanent state of identity confusion: affected individuals will begin to perceive every person they come into contact with as two distinct individuals. The afflicted will address a single person either as if they are speaking to two people at once, or alternating between two distinct conversations. The majority of affected subjects perceive one of these illusory identities as a close friend or relative, regardless of appearances or whether their conversational partner is a stranger or acquaintance.

+Incident220-P

-close220-P

excerpt from the notes of Dr. Hart

The secondary effects of contact with SCP-220 were discovered accidentally, during psychiatric evaluation of D-7905 by Dr. Palermo. 24 hours had elapsed since D-7905's exposure to SCP-220; the affected individual's confusion and disorientation had increased, to the point of several times referring to Dr. Palermo as his father. Thirty minutes into the interview, recordings indicate that Dr. Palermo also began to display signs of confusion and disorientation, alternately addressing the interviewee as D-7905 and his son.

The effects of SCP-220 were determined to be highly contagious, spread via in-person contact (including eye-contact with no accompanying verbalizations). Five individuals were subsequently quarantined; D-class subjects were terminated.

Dr. Palermo's condition has deteriorated from identity confusion to a state resembling advanced Alzheimer's disease. The contagiousness of these symptoms has been proven to increase with their severity.
附加记录：    

Individuals who observe SCP-220 via audio or audiovisual recordings demonstrate no anomalous effects, provided that these recordings do not take the form of a two-way conversation with SCP-220.

Addendum 1: 

On 1/26/12, SCP-220 sustained serious bruising after a fall. D-9120, under pretense of being one of the building's residents, was instructed to assess the subject's injuries. SCP-220's emotional distress was observed to exacerbate its anomalous effect on D-9120, who became rapidly disoriented, forgetting her objective. D-9002 was instructed to retrieve D-9120 from the containment site, and was indisposed by these symptoms at a notably slower rate. D-9120 and D-9002 were subsequently quarantined and remotely euthanized.

Addendum 2: 

The following is the complete list of requests made by SCP-220 via phone. Granted requests and meals are supplied while SCP-220 is occupied with the daily ritual of walking five times around the building's lobby. Denied requests are communicated by a note of apology from the condominium's , citing the item's unavailability.

+seelist

-hidelist

Requests made by SCP-220 while identifying as :

-Arthur Conan Doyle's The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes

(granted)

-a pair of silk house slippers

(granted)

-a French coffee press, grinder, and coffee beans

(denied; safety concerns)

-an electric kettle

(granted)

-a request that management post his open invitation to a chess tournament for other guests to see

(denied; denial phrased as )

Requests made by SCP-220 while identifying as :

-a picture of his wife

(denied; records indicate that Ollie G████ was never married granted; with permission of Dr. Hart, Assistant Researcher Evans has supplied a photograph of her deceased grandmother)

-Tylenol PM

(granted; dosage limited to two tablets)

-an address book

(granted; SCP-220 has been observed to write in this book frequently)

-a request for a call to be put through to his granddaughter

(denied; SCP-220 has no record of family)

-a bicycle

(denied)

-a guide to birdwatching in Florida

(granted)

-a pair of binoculars

(granted)

-a chess set

(granted; SCP-220 has been recorded spending upward of four hours engaged with the chess board, crossing back and forth to play each side)

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  oldcouple%20%281%29-new.jpg

Author(s):  Mildiou, Elogee FishTruck

License:  CC BY 2.0

Source Link:  Link

Derivative of:  Flickr
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sensory
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Oct 2020 20:25
            
            Edit
+202)
Tags
Discuss (44)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ‏‏‏‏‏‏‏‏ODRIN
                      
              ‏‏‏‏‏‏‏‏
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Лекциите на ФМИ
                      
              За да изглеждаме умни пред другите
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Data Structures
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

