                        

Item #:  SCP-566

Object Class:  Anomalous Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All copies of SCP-566 are to be stored in Low Valuable Item Storage on Site-10. Any new instances of SCP-566 are to be assessed by a designated researcher with level 4 clearance for this purpose.

Uncontained instances of SCP-566 are to be treated as a Keter-level threat - to this extent, Foundation operatives are to regularly inspect the stock of bookstores and libraries for instances of SCP-566, as well as any other literature or stationery published by the . Websites, file-sharing sites and forums are to be monitored for scanned or transcribed SCP-566 contents, and DMCA takedowns issued if any such is found.

Any new reports of anomalies are to be cross-checked with known SCP-566 contents database in order to both ensure a standard response and to make sure any SCP-566 copies potentially present are found. The classification SCP-566-A is to be used for anomalies related to SCP-566 use (See Document 566-Alpha for list and associated containment procedures).

Description:  SCP-566 refers to a set of tear-off desk calendars, sold under the name .1 The front page, where present, includes a black-and-white logo, consisting of a stylized tongue in a top-hat, raising a champagne glass in one hand, and holding a book in the other.

2

The only known anomalous property of SCP-566 occurs when an individual reading an entry taps a bolded word in the entry definition with his index finger. The contents of the page change, displaying the definition of the tapped word. The new entry retains this property. The means of returning the entry to its original state are currently not known.

SCP-566 was declared Anomalous due to its contents. While ~80% of the entries consist of uncommon English words, the remainder can be categorized according to Table 1.
Table 1: Anomalous contents of SCP-566 breakdown

Entry type
Proportion
Example
Definition listed

Definition of mundane words or idioms coined post publication date
~3%
sofalizing  (n)
Using the Internet or other electronic devices to socialize with people from home, rather than meeting them face to face.3

Definition of mundane words or idioms not previously known
~10%
to breznev  (v)
To cover with a thick metal plating, after L. I. Breznev , General Secretary of CPSU known for wearing an excessively large amount of medals

Definition of words referring to anomalous subjects or events
~4%
Fiffle Stinks  (n)
a Fifthist worshipper, from their tendency to turn themselves into sentient smoke. He's full of it like a tent's full of Fiffle Stinks - said of a teller of fanciful stories, a liar.

Definitions explicating anomalous acts or events
2%
gobsacking  (n)
A trick usually done by hungry college students which goes as follows - a number of them . usually 6-12 meet and [REDACTED] to form an extradimensional pocket inside the mouth of one of them, referred to as  pizza parlor entrance fee. They wait outside, while the gobsack enters, and artfully pretends to eat as much pizza as he deems sufficient, stuffing it into the pocket without chewing. The rest of the group await him outside , where they will [REDACTED] and partake in the loot.

Definitions of words or idioms referring to classified subjects or events
1%
to brundle about  (v)
To show markedly less activity than doing nothing, after Brundle, a pet mass of cellular matter of Dr. ██████4

It is of note that individual instances of SCP-566 differ in ~20% of their contents, with no clear pattern in the distribution of the differences. As of now, 56 instances of SCP-566 have been contained (see Addendum 566-1 for salient content samples).

Recovery Log:  First known instance of SCP-566 was recovered from the house of J████ F██████, after his unsuccessful attempt to follow SCP-566 definition of  (See Addendum 566-1), which resulted in him splitting into 16 ambulatory, sentient segments.

SCP-566 was reclassified as Safe after [REDACTED] led to the recovery of additional instances of SCP-566, which differed in content from SCP-566-1, resulting in the need for a systematic containment procedure not consistent with the Anomalous item classification.

Addendum 566-1:  SCP-566 Contents Database

Addendum 566-2:  Incident 566-1

On 10/27/2012, a catalog arrived at Site 10, which currently houses SCP-566. There was no return address provided. Its front cover consisted of the text  and the company logo. An attached note read

Inquiries made throughout the site revealed that nobody had requested any such catalog, and testing revealed that it was not anomalous.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. No records of a company or association exist.
2. The base is assembled from molded PVC parts, while the calendar itself is printed using common printing inks on standard coated fine paper, joined with polyvinyl acetate glue.
3. First public mentions of word appear in 2010.
SCP-726 file.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 May 2020 20:05
            
            Edit
+89)
Tags
Discuss (69)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Thermal Systems
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sukhoi Superjet 100
                      
              Реальность против домыслов
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Living Through Technology
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Maximum Tension
                      
              Programing / Design Lab.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

