                        

Item #:  SCP-4462

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4462 is to be stored in a standard containment room at Site-17. SCP-4462 should be checked weekly for letters that may have appeared inside it to avoid damage to the letters.

Description:  SCP-4462 is a typical aluminum mailbox which displays no unusual physical properties. The mailbox has some light damage, with a few dents and light water corrosion visible on the exterior. The mailbox has a slightly water damaged piece of paper taped to the top of interior, with the words  written in black ink.

SCP-4462's only anomalous property occurs after the death of a prominent American author. Minutes after the first reports of the author's death, an envelope containing a letter addressed to the now deceased author will appear within SCP-4462. These letters are attributed to various individuals.

These individuals, when interviewed by Foundation personnel, have been found to have recently attempted to publish a work of literature, and in all cases have been rejected by a publisher. These individuals have no memory of writing the letter in question, although interviews seem to show that the letters do accurately convey the feelings of the subject about the now deceased author. Handwriting analysis shows a match with the named subject in all known instances. As the subjects have no recollection of the letter's existence, this function of SCP-4462 poses no risk to Foundation operations.

SCP-4462 was discovered attached to an abandoned property in Cross Plains, Texas. SCP-4462 contained several dozen letters in it at the time of its discovery. A Foundation member embedded in the local government intercepted the object after its contents were discovered.

Sample Recovered Documents: 

+██/██/2005

-Granted

Mr. Hunter S. Thompson,

Silence. I don't truly believe we've ever touched the bottom, we've only sunk down deeper into a nation of feuding subcultures, on occasion reunited by a major tragedy or triumph.

I find your prescription of drugs, alcohol, and madness to be the only way to escape what you call  it brings that soul back, the soul America seems to have lost. I personally had thought the eighties were the rock bottom for the loss of American's spirit, but then the nineties happened and now we are where we are today.

To watch an actor treat the oval office like a studio for him to monologue in front of America. To watch our own government fund thugs and monsters and call it freedom fighting. To watch two politicians with the same worldview bicker against a confused millionaire. To watch musicians, rebelling against the weirdly dressed music of their decade, taking music inspired by black artists and the heavy droning rock music that came from overseas two decades before, forced to make ballads for teenage girls, mimicking the very thing they were rebelling against due to some simple, common law contract. To see the same damn thing happen a few years later when Seattle bands on powerful drugs were driven out by a cleaner alternative that stole their style but not their soul. To see a film industry constantly plunder its own past when it has run out of ideas for the future, retelling the same damn story worse and expecting money for it.

And everyone acts likes this is normalcy that a group of power people are perverting the American dream, turning us all into a nation of used car salesmen. I wish you well, perhaps one day the rich kids of the world will, in some perverse irony, fall in love with your works and inadvertently recreate the American dream.

Your fan,

████ █████████

+██/██/1972

-Granted

Mr. John Berryman,

Poetry is loud and frantic. From the writer's mind onto ink.

I am the man who puts words on the paper.

I am the man who shares the anguish and pain.

I am the bottom of the river, where the light

seldom reaches.

People are cruel, and lost in their own

desires.

Fiery words from elevated voices, as loud as

poetry.

Your words, your pain, your answers in the trees and buildings and the other

high up things.

To make my pain something that in words can be described.

That which can be described can be killed. It can die.

It will die, die. With me or by its own self.

I wish to see all willing to share their pain.

Their mouths not sewn, but free to run. To pour. To flow like the river

where the light

seldom reaches.

I hope your pain may flow forever into ink.

So others can read and treat themselves

in the same manner.

Your words though to some strange

and morbid.

The way you write outside the rules, conventions,

the words spill onto the page as water.

To borrow a line of verse,

So when the fall comes. The fall of

our lives.

We may know that our pain

is often shared

but that knowledge

seldom reaches.

Your fan,

██████ ██████

+██/██/1961

-Granted

Mr. Ernest Hemingway,

In the late summer of a year of poor weather, I took a trip from Princeton to New Orleans. The train passed through the hills of Pennsylvania. Plants hung from the cliffs, still wet from the evening rain. The train created intense noise. The passengers were silent. When I switched trains in Chicago, the station was full of conversations. I did not speak to anyone until my train arrived in New Orleans a day later.

The buildings of the French Quarter were stone and wood worn down by age. When I found a bar where I could sit outdoors, I sat alone on a patio with a man wearing a suit. The man was pale, with a round face and a long forehead. He was staring into his book with an intense gaze. He seemed unaware of the world around him.

 I said. I had begun to take my wallet from my pocket.

 The man said. He was reading a book that he was careful to keep at a distance from his beer.

 I asked. There was a small jazz scene in Princeton.

 I asked.

 The man said.

I peaked over his shoulder to look at his book. 

I had never read a book of yours before. The sentences in the book were short. The ideas were to the point. It was different than the writing I had read in college. I walked over to the bar with my wallet still in hand.

 I said to the bartender, who was slouching with a bored look.

 the bartender said. He poured the beer from the tap and handed me the glass. I walked back to the man reading at the table.

 I asked.

He had impressed me. 

 I said to him.

I stayed for the band who had a upbeat and brass-heavy sound. The man in the suit kept his eyes focused on the band all night. There was a look in his eyes, a hunger for success.

I bought the same novel the next morning at a bookstore in the Garden Distract. I found it simple but captivating. I read all your novels that fall. The beauty and power of nature. The horrors of war. The fragile nature of romance. I found all these ideas merged together in perfect balance in your novels. Simple words can convey complex ideas. Ideas that all people should consider. Your writing hits a nerve in the reader. Many of your words are still with me. You speak many truths, of the world breaking men. Of the sincere lack of people willing to listen to their fellow man. But one quotation of yours sticks with me still, memorized word for word. “There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man. True nobility is being superior to your former self.” I hope that I will improve myself. I will become a better person. I will become a better writer. There are many who think themselves superior, but few willing to improve themselves. I hope you are still striving to become an even better person and writer, since your works are already great. Your honesty as an author I greatly admire and there are many other people that you clearly have inspired. I hope you continue to write more, you may be the greatest novelist in this nation's history.

Your fan,

███████ █████

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 May 2020 00:12
            
            Edit
+17)
Tags
Discuss (6)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Eitrigg Crafters
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Psychology (PSYC 101)
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

