                        

Item #:  SCP-1222

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1222 is to be locked in a 60 x 60 x 60cm hard plastic container with foam inner-lining to hold it in place. Container can be found inside locker ██ in the storage area of Site-4. If container is damaged in any way, contact administration for replacement. Personnel with Level 1 clearance or higher may access the object for research purposes.

If not used for testing, linseed oil must be rubbed into SCP-1222 for preservation purposes once annually. Linseed oil must also be used after all research tests.

Description:  SCP-1222 is a bamboo box, decorated with beads and shells, and measuring 7 x 10 x 10 attempts to successively or simultaneously create multiple instances of SCP-1222-1 have failed.

Examination of SCP-1222-1 through latex gloves has revealed that SCP-1222-1's flesh is hard and unyielding; researchers have described the flesh as being  however, hair becomes intensely tough and durable.

+1222-1

–block

TEST:  SCP-1222-T12

PROCEDURE:  SCP-1222-1's head struck with metal rod 32 times.

RESULT:  No damage to SCP-1222-1; rod became warped and dented.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T14

PROCEDURE:  Fired at with a .38 Special revolver

RESULT:  The bullet compressed against SCP-1222-1's right earlobe. SCP-1222-1 fell over.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T22

PROCEDURE:  Fired at with an AR-10 rifle using 7.62x51 NATO rounds

RESULT:  The bullet shattered against SCP-1222-1's right shoulder. SCP-1222-1 fell over.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T30

PROCEDURE:  Swiped at with 30cm kitchen knife

RESULT:  Knife bounced off.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T31

PROCEDURE:  Stabbed with 30cm kitchen knife

RESULT:  Knife broke.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T50

PROCEDURE:  Fluoroantimonic acid poured onto SCP-1222-1's back

RESULT:  Acid seeped off of the subject and into the glass container beneath.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T53

PROCEDURE:  Partially submerged in Fluoroantimonic acid

RESULT:  Subject was asked to hold SCP-1222 above the head while entering stasis. Subject was lowered into a glass container two meters tall with one meter filled with fluoroantimonic acid. Test was conducted with safety measure to ensure no damage to SCP-1222 would occur. After two weeks of no reported changes, subject was removed, cleaned, and reawakened. Subject subsequently died due to accumulation of acid in pores of skin and lower cavities.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T63

PROCEDURE:  Petrol ignited

RESULT:  A small quantity of petrol was poured over the subjects lower back and set alight. The area became scorched black with residue but no visible damage was shown.

NOTE  No further tests involving substances that could harm the box will be used unless under strict supervision of a safety team and class 3 personnel. This is only to prevent damage to the box and is not a personal attack on any researcher.

TEST:  SCP-1222-T68

PROCEDURE:  A slap

RESULT:  Both a gloved and ungloved slap were given to the test subject. The gloved slap had no effect and managed to topple over the test subject. The ungloved slapped immediately awoke the test subject, who shrieked in surprise. When D-class personnel was asked to describe the feeling of slapping, he replied “like putting your hand through paper and immediately hitting flesh”.

+LOG

–block

SCP-1222 was found in ██████████, a village of Nias Island located off the coast from the Sumatra region of Indonesia on November 18, 1984. A rescue team dispatched in the area discovered a dug out chamber beneath debris of a destroyed home. In the middle of the chamber was a Caucasian woman kneeling on the floor with the item in her hands.

Report Excerpt  ██-██-1984

We were relieved at first to find a survivor under all the rubble. A single mother had lived there with two children and an infant, and all four had perished when their home fell. A neighbour had reported that the mother was always talking about a disabled cousin she also cared for, and was worried for the cousin’s safety. After inspecting and moving the rubble, we found a hole in the corner of where the sleeping area would have been. The hole went down two meters before turning toward an entrance of a small chamber. The man who volunteered to go down called out that he had found a woman in prayer and that she was in shock. He then went to pick her up and take her out when the woman started screaming. When he emerged with her she was thrashing about and speaking in a language we didn’t recognise. She was without a scratch on her body, but her clothes were old and falling apart and a thick layer of dust covered all parts. The woman calmed down after we constrained her and was sent to an emergency medical centre set up nearby.
附加记录：    

Light amnestics were given to all members of the rescue team after receiving the report.

The subject’s name is ████ ██████, born 4 June 18██. Agents acquired her at the emergency medical centre where she was transported to Site-4. The only item with her was SCP-1222. Subject spoke fluent Dutch that was standard for the 1800’s. When questioned about SCP-1222 she went into detail about finding it in a village not far from where she was found, after her father had [DATA EXPUNGED] retrieved it from the ashes. Subject was commissioned to D-Class personnel at Site-3.

Addendum: 

Future tests are scheduled for use of radiation, destructive bacteria, nano-machines, and SCPs ████, ████, ████, ████, ████, ████ and ████. Various Keter class SCPs were also considered but decided against due to possibility of the damage or destruction of SCP-1222.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Jul 2020 01:19
            
            Edit
+29)
Tags
Discuss (51)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Pofo MultiQuiz
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteca Digital Curt Nimuendajú
                      
              línguas e culturas indígenas sul-americanas
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            小城的问候
                      
              Greetings from afar...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            DDSCAT
                      
              Light Scattering Code
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

