                        

Item #:  SCP-4815

Object Class:  Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4815's remains are to be kept in containment locker #4805 at Site 12. Testing of SCP-4815's remains are not permitted in line with current humanoid EC protocols.

Description:  SCP-4815 is a 56 year old woman named Theresa Miller. SCP-4815 claims that in the future she will experience a temporal phenomenon which will allow her to telepathically communicate with herself at previous points in her life. SCP-4815 claims that the voice communicating with her is 85 years old. This voice, or the instance of SCP-4815 that exists in the future, is referred to as SCP-4815-1.

SCP-4815 is capable of predicting events that she will experience, although this accuracy is entirely dependent on information that SCP-4815-1 has chosen to relay to her. SCP-4815 states that SCP-4815-1 is not always honest regarding events that will occur.

SCP-4815 experiences behavioral and emotional difficulties relating to SCP-4815-1's influence, experiencing obsessive behaviors and thoughts stemming from severe anxiety. Information relayed to SCP-4815 from SCP-4815-1's is sometimes inaccurate or malicious. Further information and personal accounts can be found in the attached addenda.

SCP-4815 claims to have heard this voice since early adolescence. SCP-4815 has otherwise lived an unremarkable life, only coming to the Foundation's attention after checking herself in to a local mental health center, and demonstrably proving her precognitive abilities to the medical staff [After which medical records in the area were parsed and containment protocols were enacted by staff at Site-18].

SCP-4815-1 is not known. SCP-4815 claims SCP-4815-1 is in a coma, or a place where .

Related Materials:  Written Accounts from Theresa Miller's Journal

ShowLog

Hide

2/25/2000  The Old Me

I've been hearing from her since I was little. It seems like she doesn't ever shut up. She tells me what to do, where to go, how to get out of this and that. How I'm supposed to be, you know? I tell her that if I just did it my way it might turn out different, but she says she knows better since she already went through it. The longer I've been listening to her the less I think that's really true. I think it's a self fulfilling prophecy; if I hadn't heard from her I woulda' been fine, really. What she's doing, living vicariously.

She fucked up at one point is what I think what it was. Not me. I don't think I'm really her, not really. When she tells me not to do something, it's because she didn't do it right the first time. I wised up to that quick. If she didn't do it the way I did, she's not me.

I think I'm her second chance. If I ever run into this woman, if I really do hit 85 If I start seeing me back when I was young, then I'm going to lay down and die right there, or at least I hope you'll put me to sleep.
附加记录：    

3/26/2002  Trust

I was 19, I think. I was walking away from the bus stop. I hear tires screeching, some asshole cut around the bus and almost slammed headlong into a truck. Old Theresa told me to run, seconds before I heard the noise, and this dumb-ass flies past me into a streetlight. Clipped my arm on his mirror passenger side mirror.

I had so many  that I wouldn't have gotten through without Old Theresa, and that's what really got me thinking about her. Seemed like every other week, there was my mortality lurking around the corner. No one is that unlucky, not in this part of the world, not even for me, not even in the neighborhood I grew up in would someone run into that kind of trouble so often.
附加记录：    

1/15/2008  Agency

I think everyone is going to hurt you, some people just aren't as good at it.

I was my parents more than they were. I taught myself the basics. I didn't have much choice though. Old Theresa taught me because they didn't, I think. I heard a saying that you have to be the adult you needed when you were a kid, and I think she took that to heart.

The problem is I never did it my way. I couldn't. Old Theresa will flood my head with noise if I don't think the right thing. I went to therapy. They teach you this technique where you can categorize thoughts, pick the ones that aren't of any use to you, and you can put them in a mental bin. Works for a lot of bad cases, lots of people go in wrecks and come out even.

But me I have an old woman flooding my head with noise, I have a sealed globe attached to my neck filled with swirling sound. I can't toss that out. She wakes me up when I'm sleeping. I hear her in my dreams free associating about what's happening. The stupid bitch.

Have you ever heard of trepanning? I looked into it.
附加记录：    

12/12/2012  Why I Haven't Won The Lottery

If I am old Theresa, then old Theresa doesn't deserve the good life.

She says that's a self fulfilling prophecy. The audacity.
附加记录：    

1/29/2014  I Hate

Old Theresa heard the voice “When she was younger”, and she still does. She’s just running out of creative ways to fuck with me.

When I meet her I'm going to kill her.
附加记录：    

5/12/2016 

I'm going to meet her soon.
附加记录：    

Addendum A:  SCP-4815 was considered a neutralized object as of 02/15/2017. On the morning of 12/15/2016 SCP-4815 experienced a psychotic episode and began attempting self injury. SCP-4815 was sedated up until this point, after which she passed due to natural causes.

SCP-4815 is referenced as the civilian Theresa Miller on future archival records.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 21:36
            
            Edit
+52)
Tags
Discuss (6)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Coffeetime Extra
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Witchipedia
                      
              The online encyclopedia of magick, folklore and the occult
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Il wiki-Programma del MoVimento5stelle Napoli
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

