                        

An instance of SCP-2107.

Item #:  SCP-2107

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-2107 are to be stored in a CNSI1 containment locker at Site 19. Any number of instances may be moved to a refrigerated CNSI unit in advance of experimental trials.

Mobile Containment Task Force Theta-61 () may be utilized with authorization from staff with security clearance 3/2107 or higher. Individuals exposed to the anomalous properties of SCP-2107 are to be treated with Class A amnestics and remitted to the nearest civilian hospital for any medical care rendered necessary following exposure.

Description:  SCP-2107 designates a soft drink brand known as  which displays anomalous properties when imbibed.3 Research has confirmed that the intensity of the haunting effect (herein defined by the quantity of individual paranormal facets, the probability of physical harm, and the severity of said harm) is directly proportional to the quantity of SCP-2107 imbibed.

SCP-2107 cans are the traditional variety used for soft drinks, being uniform in design and non-anomalous in composition and behavior. The can features a light blue background with the  it is unclear if cans lacking this sticker were distributed this way or if the sticker was removed before acquisition. The cans bear no nutritional information. The liquid contents are non-anomalous in chemical composition and within normal parameters for a traditional diet soft drink.

Discovery:  Initial discovery occurred on 05/13/2012 when seven cans of SCP-2107 were purchased by Foundation personnel at a local supermarket in ██████, ██ during a routine restocking of Site 19's recreational facilities. The partial remains of H██ T████, a Senior Maintenance Assistant at Site 19, were found inside the van requisitioned from Site 19's vehicle pool for the purposes of the trip. Two cans were open and empty of contents when recovered. J██ B███████, the Junior Maintenance Assistant who had been assigned with T████ for the restocking duty, had gone back into the supermarket after having forgotten to procure a copy of the receipt of purchase for Foundation records. According to B███████'s account T████ was alone for no longer than approximately five minutes.

A majority of discoveries have occurred in convenience stores, with acquisitions from supermarkets and restaurants accounting for nearly all additional cases.4 Employees of retail locations where instances have been discovered have professed no prior knowledge of the product's existence and records of inventory acquisition have shown no references to SCP-2107. SCP-2107 has now been recovered from retailers in 37 states and 2 Canadian provinces. Production and distribution of SCP-2107 is currently under investigation.

SCP-2107 Abridged Experiment Logs: 

+Required.

-recorded.

Note: Each experiment was carried out using one D-class personnel, isolated in a SHA5 containment cell with closed circuit digital recording. Unless otherwise specified, no individual D-class subject is used for more than one trial. Extraneous, insubstantial, and redundant results have been omitted for brevity; a full version may be found in the SCP-2107 Extended Report.

Trial Number
Quantity of SCP-2107 Ingested (mL)
Result

01
30mL
6 Debriefing revealed the subject to have enjoyed the experience overall. Subject described the taste of SCP-2107 as 

06
90mL
Subject experienced intermittent activity similar to the phenomena in previous experiments for over an hour before new effects presented. At 1:20 the subject began to experience moderate bleeding from the nose without identifiable physical cause; simultaneously, the recording equipment began to encounter interference of a magnetic nature that lasted for two minutes. This is noted as the first instance where activity was observable by non-SCP-2107-a sources in Foundation trials. The bleeding continued unabated for several minutes, causing severe distress to the subject. All effects ceased at 01:28.

07
90mL
Trial begins with activity patterns identical to those described by the subject in Trial 01. Subject's nose began to bleed at the 00:19 mark. At 00:23, subject began emesis due to a combination of distress and nausea caused by the presence of their own blood; this is evaluated to be purely physiological in nature and non-anomalous. Following emesis, a majority of the activity ceased; subject reported still having intermittent hallucinations in his peripheral vision until 00:48.

14
150mL
Subject began to experience phenomena similar to previous trials at 00:02 which rapidly increased in intensity. The lights in the cell are seen to flicker briefly at 00:16 by both the subject and supervising personnel; subject reported the feeling of being lifted off the ground during this effect but this is not visible in the footage. Quantity of activity is approximate to previous trials but level of intensity is significantly higher as reported by subject. Effects began to subside at 00:54 and had ceased entirely at 00:59. Subject observed taste as “average” but expressed difficulty in elaborating upon this description.

31
270mL
Subject experienced no activity until 00:31, at which point all electronics within a 10m radius failed for approximately seventeen seconds. When power returned, subject had fallen to the ground unconscious and the trial was ended. Personnel entered the containment cell and confirmed the subject had expired. Upon autopsy, subject's body was found to be void of most major internal organs; no incision marks or signs of trauma were present.

Note: Future experiments are suspended without authorization from staff with security clearance 4/2107.

-recorded.

Addendum 12/27/2014:  Area ██ personnel have encountered and acquired a previously undiscovered packaging variant. Fifteen cans were produced by a vending machine in Area ██'s cafeteria; when the machine was opened for further inspection no anomalous properties were discovered. These new instances of SCP-2107 feature changes to the design of the background, which now features white silhouettes of tombstones, cats, and cartoonish ghosts interspersed between iterations of the logo. Of note is the addition of new stickers to the can in the same font as the catchphrase text. These stickers include new promotional phrases, including . All instances of SCP-2107 from Area ██ are en route to Site 19 for containment and research trials to confirm whether their contents produce the same anomalous activity as previously recorded instances. The addition of vending machines to the list of provenance locations is under investigation, with revisions to Object Class and Special Containment Procedures awaiting approval.

Footnotes
1. Compact, Non-Sentient, Inert
2. Animal testing pending approval.
3. Premature depletion of SCP-2107 through unusual means, such as emesis, gastric lavage, or the removal of organs currently containing the fluid from their appropriate bodily systems, causes partial or total cessation of the effect. The death of SCP-2107-a will result in total cessation of all effects caused by their ingestion.
4. Despite the assessment of at least 46 anomalous events suggesting the ingestion of SCP-2107 as the causation factor, markedly few instances have been recovered outside of retail environments.
5. Standard, Humanoid, Active
6. Please see SCP-2107 Interview Logs for unabridged transcripts of post-trial debriefings; Level 3 Security Clearance Required.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  DietGhostFinal.png

Author:  faminepulse

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki

Derivative of: 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Name:  free Soda Can Psd mockup

Author:  Giallo86

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            03 Sep 2020 04:09
            
            Edit
+286)
Tags
Discuss (34)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Mecha Documents
                      
              The Collection
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiRMAPhil
                      
              Community Site for UU RMA Philosophy Students
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Type Set Coin Collecting
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

