                        

Item #:  SCP-100000-J

Object Class:  Keterer Keterest

Special Containment Procedures:  A single culture of SCP-100000-J is to be set in a petri dish in a hermetically sealed, lead-lined titanium1 sarcophagus filled with acid. The sarcophagus must be set in a hermetically sealed outer sarcophagus filled with no more and no less than 50 copies each of the following religious scriptures:

The Bible
The Quran
The Torah
The Tao Te Ching
The Book of Mormon
The Bhagavad Gita
The Satanic Bible by Anton LaVey
The Necronomicon
The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins

The outer sarcophagus must, at all times, receive broadcasts from four loudspeakers of at least two members of the O5 council giving live monologues of how awful SCP-100000-J is and why it will never, ever escape, destroy humanity, or find true love.

This area must be sealed in a hermetically sealed outer-outer sarcophagus, which is then placed 5km underground, separated from the surface by 5km of solid concrete blended with the ground bones of saints.

Area-100000-J has been established as a 100km radius on the surface above SCP-100000-J. The fence on the perimeter of Area-100000-J is to be electrified, irradiated, and equipped with autoturrets with mounted .900-caliber railguns. The gate to Area-100000-J is to be guarded by one 500kg, 3m tall ogre equipped with one 300kg, 5m tall battle-axe. The ogre must be completely deaf, by surgical means if necessary. All personnel requesting entry to Area-100000-J must answer correctly the ogre's three impossible riddles, each of which are lethal auditory cognitohazards.

Any civilians, non-O5 Foundation personnel, animals, plants, or microbes that have entered Area-100000-J are to be subjected to termination protocol 30-Übertöten.

TP 30-Übertöten is to carried out as follows:

Subject will be incinerated.
Subject's ashes will be double-incinerated.
Incinerator used on subject will be incinerated.
Subject's ashes will be soaked in bleach for five hours.
The bleach-ash solution will be subjected to 50 krads of gamma radiation.
The irradiated bleach-ash solution will be locked in a hermetically-sealed capsule.
The hermetically-sealed capsule will be encased in a block of solid concrete.
The concrete block will be painted with the Latin version of the Lord's Prayer in lamb's blood and stored.
Stored concrete blocks will be placed on a Foundation spacecraft twice monthly and launched into the center of the Sun.
The Sun will be angrily flipped off four times monthly by all members of the O5 council.

Any containment breach of SCP-100000-J can only be counteracted by activation of all seven of the O5 council's instant supermassive black hole generators. This will result in an XK-class end-of-the-world scenario, but failure to do so will allow SCP-100000-J to cause an █K-class  scenario.

Any and all information about SCP-100000-J is restricted to level 4 personnel or above. As a result, the author of this page is to be termiwait what the fuck guys I thought HEY JESUS FUCK OFF WHAT

Description:  SCP-100000-J is an indestructible, sentient, sapient, hostile bacterium2. Its diet consists of souls, dreams, emotions other than sadness and fear, and small children's imaginary friends. Cultivation of SCP-100000-J on substrates composed of finely ground shattered hopes and broken dreams was exceptionally successful.

It reproduces asexually and is capable of infecting a populated area of 50 square km every nanosecond. Infected organisms will die, rejuvenate, [DATA EXPUNGED], die again, then explode.

SCP-100000-J is capable of speech, but speaks a language entirely composed of lethal cognitohazards, with no equivalent phrase for  It has also made disparaging remarks about the Area-100000-J Site Director's mother, which caused the Site Director's mother to die, rejuvenate, [DATA EXPUNGED], die again, then explode.

Addendum 1 - 10/2/14:  Implantation of 4,000 emergency nuclear warheads at Area-100000-J has been determined to be too frivolous and costly, and the application has been rejected by O5-11. However, implantation of 3,900 emergency nuclear warheads is gaining traction as a basic necessity, and is under careful consideration.

Footnotes
1. Since pure titanium is gradually proving insufficient as a means of containment of SCP-100000-J, the construction of a prototype containment cell out of carbon nanotube weave reinforced with alternating diamond, adamantium, and neutronium layers is underway.
2. Formerly known in the scientific community as streptococcus ectovorens, colloquially as 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            11 Aug 2015 00:44
            
            Edit
+544)
Tags
Discuss (99)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Dyslexia Connection
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Environmental Journalists in India
                      
              Sign Up Here If Your Ink Is Green
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Análise Matemática III
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BlackBerry Storm Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

