                        

Item #:  SCP-3801

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  All recovered SCP-3801 instances are stored in a Class-C storage lockers, with at least one instance being present at each site containing memetic hazards. Sites requesting use of class E amnestics or higher are eligible to utilize SCP-3801 instances at the discretion of foundation personnel with level four clearance or higher. Transport and administration of SCP-3801 instances is managed by MTF Omicron-89 (“Ghostwriters”). Under no circumstances should anyone be forced to use an SCP-3801 instance (If noncompliance is expected, the subject should be asked to use the object without explanation).

Description:  SCP-3801 is a collection of 794 loose-leaf journals which produce an amnestic effect capable of purging most memetic effects on any human who records events within the object. This effect only occurs after the pages written on are removed. Pages removed from the notebooks invariably disappear within five minutes of removal.

When all individuals aware of an event record it within an SCP-3801 instance and the corresponding pages are removed, some form of fictional recollection of said event will spontaneously begin circulating within the general population. These recollections can be expressed in mediums including books, video games, and children’s stories and are entirely mundane except for their origin. The actual creation of these recollections also appear to be mundane. Authors detained and interviewed by Foundation personnel have claimed to have been working on the recollection for months or years before the date SCP-3801 was used.
Experiment Log: 

+Log

-Log

Test 1 - ██/██/██ 

Subjects:  2 individuals who had made contact with SCP-████ (terminated)

Procedure:  Subjects were instructed to record their experience encountering SCP-████. The pages were then removed from the SCP-3801 instance.

Results:  Subjects displayed no memories of the encounter within 5 minutes of the pages being removed. Eight days later, an oral narrative of a doll that murdered the individuals who purchased it before returning to the store it was originally sold at began circulating at █████ Elementary School, NJ.
附加记录：    

Test 2 - ██/██/██ 

Subject:  1 D-Class Personnel

Procedure:  The subject removed one blank page of an SCP-3801 instance

Results:  SCP-3801’s pages disappeared in the same manner as the pages that were written on in Test 1. The D-Class Personnel reported no memory loss. No spontaneous recollections of the event were observed circulating the general population.
附加记录：    

Test 3 - ██/██/██ 

Subject:  1 D-Class Personnel

Procedure:  The subject wrote down their breakfast in an SCP-3801 instance and tore out the page.

Results:  The subject displayed no recollection of what they had first consumed on the day of testing within 2 minutes of the page being removed. Other D-Class personnel present in the cafeteria at the time displayed no loss of memory. No unexplained recollections of the event were observed circulating the general population.
附加记录：    

Test 4 - ██/██/██ 

Subject:  17 Survivors of ██/██/██ Site-██ containment breach

Procedure:  Each subject was provided a SCP-3801 instance and instructed to record the events of the breach that they were present. Subjects were instructed to remove their page after they had finished writing.

Results:  Subjects displayed no recollection of the containment breach concurrently with the last subject removing their sheet from the SCP-3801 instance. The spontaneous recollection of the event appeared 3 weeks later as a short story. The generated story differs from the actual events at several key points: Site-██ was replaced by a barn, MTF Theta-66 (“Redeyes“) was replaced by two professors and a librarian, and SCP-████ was successfully terminated rather than remaining at large.
附加记录：    

Test 5 - ██/██/██ 

Subject:  2342 individuals captured after exposure to SCP-████.

Procedure:  Subjects were forced to record their interactions with SCP-████. Uncooperative subjects were first threatened with physical violence, and then physically forced to record their experiences. The pages were then removed by foundation operatives. Memetic containment procedures were in effect.

Results:  Subjects displayed no memory of their exposure to SCP-████, and the memetic effect was successfully terminated. The recollection manifested between 1600 to 2100 years prior to the experiment in the form of a religious document. Said document appears to be mundane, but departs widely from the actual events written in SCP-3801, with SCP-████ portrayed as a benevolent divine figure. Worship of SCP-████ is now widespread, with approximately ██% of foundation officers being compromised by this event. Further historical changes are being investigated, but are complicated by a lack of information on the timeline prior to the use of SCP-3801.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:22
            
            Edit
+25)
Tags
Discuss (6)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Language Arts (8)
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RMIT Vietnam IM 2007B
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Iatkos
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Rhetorical Goddess Wiki
                      
              Because the Truth and That Which Resembles It Belong to the Same Capacity
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

