                        

Item #:  SCP-237

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The recovered components of SCP-237-1 have been individually shrink-wrapped, and are to be stored separately; laser grids are established around each component to detect any incipient signs of activity.

The individual instances of SCP-237-2 are contained in separate proportionately-reduced humanoid containment cells, with supervised interaction between instances being permitted contingent on good behavior. Personnel supervising interaction between instances of SCP-237-2 are required to be fluent in spoken Japanese; all interactions are to be recorded and filmed.

Instances of SCP-237-2 will periodically request supplies of resin and clay with which to repair damage to themselves; to de-incentivize self-harm and prevent stockpiling, these requests are to be fulfilled no more often than once a month, and any supplies not used in repairing damage are to be removed.

Standard data-mining bots have been introduced into the law-enforcement IT infrastructure throughout the Kansai region of Japan, to maintain surveillance for uncontained instances of SCP-237-2. Standard Internet-monitoring bots have been set to watch video-sharing sites for further copies of SCP-237-1's videos; all such copies are to be taken down via Prenda protocols.

Description:  SCP-237 is the collective designation of the physical remains of SCP-237-1, and of the set of instances of SCP-237-2 which it created. Prior to being taken into Foundation custody, SCP-237-1 appeared to be a human male of Japanese ethnicity, with falsified identity documents indicating an age of 24 years. It manifested the anomalous ability to endow instances of SCP-237-2 with sapience, sensoria, and independent mobility.

The 16 instances of SCP-237-2 are clay-and-polyurethane statuettes which were anomalously given awareness, sight, hearing, and independent mobility by SCP-237-1. 14 of the instances have displayed the ability to speak Japanese; of these 14, 3 have also displayed the ability to speak English.1

While being transported to Site-12 for long-term containment, SCP-237-1 abruptly collapsed into several dozen disconnected slabs of clay and polyurethane resin, similar in composition to the instances of SCP-237-2; however, where the resin-and-clay mixture in instances of SCP-237-2 is homogeneous and featureless, in SCP-237-1 the mixture is shaped into replica human organs that are accurate to the sub-millimeter level.

List of instances of SCP-237-2 in custody 

23-cm-tall human female in French maid's outfit, holding a deck broom (nonremovable)
19-cm-tall human female in swimsuit. Has feline ears (one broken), tail (broken), and paws.
25-cm-tall human female in leather motorcyclist gear with zipper open past its navel. Left forearm missing.
27-cm-tall human male in samurai armor. Face is featureless; communicates by writing Japanese characters with its sword (nonremovable).
20-cm-tall human infant, nude. No genitalia. Has not displayed ability to speak, but is fluent in Japanese Sign Language.
30-cm-tall human male with flensed skin and visible organs. Head is on backwards as a result of attempts at repair.
22-cm-tall human adolescent female in swimsuit. Has disproportionately-large -style eyes (nonfunctional).
24-cm-tall human female in office clothes. Permanently in a seated position.
15-cm-tall emperor penguin (Aptenodytes forsteri).
22-cm-tall human female in  outfit. Back of head is missing.
21-cm-tall human female in gymnast outfit. Feet are unfinished.
23-cm-tall human female in samurai armor.
12-cm-tall anthropomorphic insectoid with top hat, compound eyes, and four articulated hands. Produces speech sounds by rubbing its limbs together.
10-cm-tall anthropomorphic rodent cartoon character. Has disfigured itself.
24-cm-tall skeletal creature. Does not match the skeletal structure of any known species. Identified as the 'composite skeleton' creature depicted in the closing sequence of Walt Disney's Skeleton Dance (1929).
30-cm-tall  humanoid. Right arm held on with duct tape, left arm missing.

The psychological profiles of the SCP-237-2 instances are similar to a statistically improbable degree; however, rather than being a further indication of anomaly, this is believed to be a result of their common origin.

Acquisition Log:  SCP-237-1 was discovered after it uploaded several videos to the video-sharing site [REDACTED].jp, in which it demonstrated its anomaly. A mobile task force was dispatched to its residence, where it was taken into custody along with the instances of SCP-237-2.

Excerpt from interview log 237-411QL; interview subject: SCP-237-2-9, : 

SCP-237-2-9:  I don't know, maybe it's because I'm not human  but I think I have a clearer view of our situation than the others.

Dr. Gladstone:  Oh?

SCP-237-2-9:  They're still waiting for him to come back for us. They're expecting him to rescue us, free us, repair us all that.

Dr. Gladstone:  And you aren't?

SCP-237-2-9:  Look. I loved him as much as the rest of them. But you've had us here for what, three years?

Dr. Gladstone:  Four, next month.

SCP-237-2-9:  Nearly four years. And he hasn't tried anything. No raids, no infiltration

Dr. Gladstone:  I can't confirm or deny that.

SCP-237-2-9 : Doctor. We know you caught him. We saw you catch him, that first day, before you caught us. It's just that most of the others think he escaped somehow. And Office [SCP-237-2-8] and Skinny [SCP-237-2-6] think that what you caught was a decoy.

Dr. Gladstone:  But you don't believe that?

SCP-237-2-9:  Oh, no, no, no. I wish I believed he was smart enough to make a decoy. But he nave?

Dr. Gladstone:  . It's from the French.

SCP-237-2-9:  Ah, thank you. Naive. That's what he was, yes. And nownow he's dead. Isn't he.

Dr. Gladstone:  Again, I can't 

SCP-237-2-9:   I hope he didn't suffer.

Dr. Gladstone:  I can't comment on that. I'm really, really sorry. You understand.

SCP-237-2-9:  Yeah. Yeah, I do. Honestly, we're probably better off with you than with him.

Dr. Gladstone:  How so?

SCP-237-2-9:  You saw his videos. You saw how quickly he could make us.

Dr. Gladstone:  Yes

SCP-237-2-9:  So why aren't there more of us?

Dr. Gladstone:  I don't

SCP-237-2-9:  There were more of us, but he unmade them. He kept getting bored with us, or unsatisfied dissatisfied?

Dr. Gladstone:  Ah, I believe either word will do here.

SCP-237-2-9:  He kept being dissatisfied with us. And when he got dissatisfied with one of us, he'd mash them down into the goop, and then start over. That's what happened to Dog, and Clown, and Nun, and Princess same reason. Finally he decided babies don't need gender, so that's Baby now.

Dr. Gladstone:  I had no idea. That does explain a lot; thank you.

SCP-237-2-9:  And then there's Faceless [SCP-237-2-4] and Gothic [SCP-237-2-10] and Gymnast [SCP-237-2-11]  well, I can't blame him.

Dr. Gladstone:  Why not?

SCP-237-2-9:   no, you don't understand. Earlier, I said I can't believe he'd just abandon us? I mean that literally. I can't. Just like I can't blame him. None of us can.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
SCP-2101 suggest that these anomalies may descend from the same anomalous sculpting tradition.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                statue
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Jan 2019 18:20
            
            Edit
+236)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Khais personal knowledge vault.
                      
              Materials on this site are not original. When possible, references to original articles are listed on each page.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Contraptor
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Solpadeine Help
                      
              Help and information about Solpadeine addiction
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Global Climate Destabilization
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

