                        

⚠ Notice
You have been redirected to this containment file due to a database search for .
Reggie is OK.
You can close this file now if you wish.

_

Access granted.

Item #:  SCP-5727

Object Class:  Explained (pending -EX designation)

Secure Containment Procedures:  Foundation personnel seeking an update on Reggie are to be assured that Reggie is okay. The phrase  should be added to all Foundation audio media as a low-frequency message played at 20Hz for the foreseeable future, as a precautionary measure.

Description:  SCP-5727 is a distress signal of unknown origin (update below) that is periodically broadcast from audio devices within a 1800-kilometer radius of Boulder, Colorado. The message consists of what appears to be an artificially-generated voice and is as follows:

C Q D Reginald in danger help come quick please
附加记录：    

An enhanced version of this distress signal is included below (or here):

The following has been noted regarding the transmission:

There is a pause between the syllables of the word .
.
The pitch of each word fluctuates by up to 10%.
Each syllable is spoken in the exact same speed except the final word, please.

When this distress signal is heard by any person, they will subconsciously register its message, feeling a distinct unease as to the fate of . This most often manifests as a sense of impending doom or urgency without cause or provocation. Upon conscious or unconscious reassurance that Reggie is not in danger, this feeling will subside.

Explanation:  ADDED 31 DAYS AGO

The source of this signal is an artifact of a World War I radio transmission issued by the HMS Reginald Kerr during a brief training exercise.

The HMS Reginald Kerr, circa 1939.

The radio signal was issued at a particular frequency that, due to the positioning of the Earth in orbit around the sun, caused the signal to be caught in the sun's gravitational field and begin a partial  of the solar system. The stabilization of its orbit distorted it to approximately 20Hz. The path of the signal intercepts with Earth regularly, causing it to be picked up by modern-day electronic devices.

The signal, and the method of containing it, are considered non-anomalous, as are the responses of people hearing it. The Foundation considers this effect to be a rare effect of unintended subliminal messaging upon the human mind but scientifically plausible. It has therefore been classified as Explained .

_

Class 4 Credentials accepted

⚠ Notice
Before proceeding, please acquire one dose of Class A Amnestics.

Item #:  SCP-5727

Object Class:  Euclid

Secure Containment Procedures (Addenda):  A notice is to be placed at the top of this containment file to deter most users from further investigating this anomaly; a more detailed cover story regarding a radio signal, subliminal messaging, and the HMS Reginald Kerr must be maintained for users who seek a more detailed answer. Foundation personnel accessing the final, secured portion of the Containment file must be amnesticized afterward.

Description (Addenda):  As of 931 days ago, the status of  cannot be determined. Slow but constant increase in signal strength has allowed for deeper analysis of the voice. Fluctuations in pitch and tempo suggest that the signal is not artificial, but is in fact a live feed, being broadcast with increasing urgency.

According to an analysis by Foundation audio engineer Dr. Carmichael:

The fact that we don't know the fate of whoever—or whatever—Reggie is has been shown to cause incredible distress to those aware of its nature. The signalit's everywhere. Reggie needs help, and we don't know where to start. Reggie is not okay. We can't help Reggie. We all want to. But we can't. Why can't we help Reggie?
附加记录：    

As the release of this information has the potential to impact the allocation of Foundation resources for researchers to locate and assist Reggie, the Foundation has determined its best interest is to maintain that Reggie is, in fact, OK.

You have reached the end of this containment file. Please exit and administer amnestics.

You have accessed this containment file 47 times.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  regi.mp3

Author:  CityToast

License:  CC-BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Created by Author
附加记录：    

Filename:  reginald.jpg

Name:  HMS Reginald Kerr

Author:  Royal Navy official photographer (Uncredited, circa 1939)

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  HMS Reginald Kerr Wikimedia Commons
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Nov 2020 06:23
            
            Edit
+42)
Tags
Discuss (9)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fight Corruption Now
                      
              Fight Corruption NOW Before It Is Too Late
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Cinders
                      
              Cinders
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nimin Wiki
                      
              The best text-based mature RPG database that anyone can edit!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

