                        

Item#:  SCP-5319

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The audio file containing SCP-5319-1, as well as the text file containing SCP-5319-2, has been encrypted and remains at the Site-59 secure electronic archives.

As of 5/3/2020, further testing of SCP-5319's anomalous capabilities has been prohibited by the Foundation Ethics Committee.

Description:  SCP-5319 is a musical composition, known by the Foundation in two forms:

SCP-5319-1, an instrumental audio file (hsi.mp3) of its first verse.
SCP-5319-2, the lyrics of the first verse.

When SCP-5319 is exposed, in any form, to an orangutan1, the specimen will burst into flames. The fire is only capable of being extinguished once SCP-5319 ends.

+Required

–block

+Required

–block

JALAKÅRA, host and benefactor, rose His ancient face,

smiling on the courage of the resurrected human race.

His protection guides us to a heaven in each sacred moon;

Humankind, an army made of angels, thus returns His boon.

Whether in life or death, resilience and strength  that is the human destiny!

Homo sapiens invictus2 ever shall we be.
附加记录：    

Recovery Log:  SCP-5319 came to the attention of the Foundation following an incident at the Ferguson Memorial Zoo in Kenosha, WI. On 10/23/19, a disgruntled zookeper named John Van Vranken had secretly added SCP-5319-1 to the zoo's ambient music playlist. The following day, all nine resident Sumatran orangutans spontaneously ignited during viewing hours.

Following an official investigation by the Foundation, the Ferguson Memorial Zoo was permanently closed, all parties involved were given the appropriate amnestics, and the file for SCP-5319-1 was taken into Foundation custody.

Mr. Van Vranken was later found dead in his apartment from an Impaler Event. The following message from an anomalous address was recovered from his personal e-mail account.

John S. Van Vranken,

It has come to our attention that you have used Homo Sapiens Invictus as a means to murder the orangutans of your (admittedly unpleasant) employer. Animal cruelty is bad enough, but unauthorized use of our intellectual property is an immediately actionable offense.

As such, you are to be summoned to Luna Major for a preliminary disciplinary hearing in 30 minutes. Thank you for your cooperation.

See you soon,

Minister Jillian Goldthwaite, ☽☽☽ Initiative, Perdition Committee
附加记录：    

When the Foundation reached out to this address for further information, Minister Goldthwaite explained that SCP-5319 is the anthem of the Three Moons Initiative, written and composed by Initiative Poet-Laureate Harald Jansen. SCP-5319-2 was also enclosed with the response. Allegedly, there are 47 other verses to SCP-5319, but only the first was provided. As for its anomalous effects, Dr. Goldthwaite only stated that SCP-5319 has 

Addendum:  On 12/30/20, a male Bornean orangutan was tested with SCP-5319-2, sung by Researcher Danvers. Shortly before ignition, the subject closed its ears, and made several distinct vocalizations that differ from typical orangutan calls. Containment staff hypothesized them to be some sort of language.

As such, the sounds were transliterated and forwarded to a contact in the Three Moons Initiative. The reply was as follows:

Foundation,

I'll be frank: my higher-ups see your organization's apparent interest in the Strider language as worrisome. Still, in the interest of curiosity, we've managed to scrape together what  means.

First off, the official transliteration is 

Hope this clears things up. I'm not sure how you were able to hear this on Earth-2L - words like these are exclusive to the Striders and their genetic derivatives in Corbenic. Still, you were right in that they had meaning.

You are watched/protected/loved,

Dr. Kenneth Marsh

☽☽☽ HDC, Department of Postmortem Anthropology
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. All three species under the genus Pongo are susceptible.
2. According to the Three Moons Initiative, Homo sapiens invictus is the scientific name of human beings upon reaching the afterlife.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                three-moons-initiative
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Jul 2020 08:56
            
            Edit
+117)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundația SCP
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            www.schrijven.wikidot.com
                      
              Voor teksten, artikelen, verhalen en poëzie
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nimin Wiki
                      
              The best text-based mature RPG database that anyone can edit!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Soymilk Linkshell
                      
              Professional, drama-free dynamis since 2005!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

