                        

SCP-1508 during initial containment.

Item #:  SCP-1508

Object Class:  Safe Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1508 is to be held within a containment chamber, located in Site-77. It is to be restrained within the chamber, and observed on a constant basis. In the event that SCP-1508 assists with the maintenance of the containment chamber, or attempts to interfere with maintenance personnel, it is to be moved temporarily to another room.

Description:  SCP-1508 is a humanoid entity composed of cardboard, paper, and plastic. SCP-1508 is fully autonomous, and moves with a humanoid gait. The words  have been printed on the back of SCP-1508's body in black ink. During initial containment, documentation believed to correspond with SCP-1508 was found:

HEY KIDS!

Does doing chores turn into a total drag?

Is Mom yelling at you to pick your room up so much that you called her a hag?

Well, my friends, now comes a new friend from DOCTOR WONDERTAINMENT©, creator of ROBO-DUDE! His name is Mikey, the Chore Buddy©! He can do anything Mom and Dad want, so you can get back to having fun with your friends!

And while you're out there, check out the new 2003 WONDER-TASTIC CATA-TAINMENT-LOGUE©! Featuring our brand new toys, it's the best way to use up the free time you get from chores!

Batteries not included. If your Mikey, the Chore Buddy© begins to act out, refuse to work, writing funny things, or just plain gets a bad attitude, send him back to us for a refurbishment! Just pay shipping and handling.
附加记录：    

When unrestrained, SCP-1508 will attempt to assist the nearest human subject with any chores or menial activities being performed. SCP-1508 appears to prefer working with younger subjects, although it does not work with them exclusively. Due to the composition of its body and the limited range of movements that it can perform, SCP-1508 may spend up to three days attempting to perform the same task. Although SCP-1508 does not appear to require any form of nourishment, analysis of its movements during this period indicate that it can still experience symptoms of exhaustion, dehydration, and movements consistent with human subjects who have broken limbs or pulled muscles.

If the subject is performing a menial non-physical activity, i.e homework, SCP-1508 may sit with them, drawing or writing with crayon. Art and writings produced by SCP-1508 are usually crude and simplistic. When writing, SCP-1508 may suddenly seize and be unable to move, lasting for a period of three days. Analysis has shown that directly before these incidents, SCP-1508's writing had become dramatically more clear and drawings more recognizable, although no significant communications have been recorded.

Examples of writing created by SCP-1508

I just wa
附加记录：    

Im veryti
附加记录：    

Curlingaroundith
附加记录：    

Doctor sto
附加记录：    

When assisting with physical tasks, SCP-1508 has been known to alter the composition and size of its body. For example, when tested to mow a portion of Site-77's grounds, SCP-1508 extended its legs by 2 meters and manifested rubberized grips on its hands to grasp the lawnmower. When tasked with washing a set of dishes, it grew a plastic sheet over its hands to waterproof itself. During testing to repair a ventilation system, SCP-1508 extended its arms for over 20 meters to locate and solve the issue. When adjusting its body, SCP-1508's movements become much more stiff and clumsy. During all of these tasks, SCP-1508's simple facial expression altered to one of extreme stress, fear, or anxiety. Once SCP-1508 has been assigned a task, it appears to be unable to cease performing it until given a new order or until three days have passed, at which point it returns to its  state.

SCP-1508 was discovered on 09/18/2003, from a suburban home in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. A child had obtained SCP-1508 through unknown means, and the parents had contacted the authorities. Foundation personnel intercepted SCP-1508 and suppressed reports of its effect. The child was unable to explain where he had obtained SCP-1508, and was administered a Class-C amnestic with the other witnesses. As of 11/23/2005, SCP-1508 has been classified as Safe.

Addendum:  Incident 1508-A

On 2/17/2006, SCP-1508 was noted to begin imitating maintenance personnel who had entered its containment chamber. Over the course of two hours, it swept the floors, washed the walls, then polished the security door interior. Security personnel restrained SCP-1508, and containment procedures have been modified to reflect this development.

Addendum:  Incident 1508-B

On 5/25/2006, personnel noted that SCP-1508 had not moved in over 128 hours. When a researcher was dispatched to investigate, she found several notations written in crayon around SCP-1508, with the object itself being non-responsive. After testing confirmed the cessation of anomalous properties, SCP-1508 was reclassified as Neutralized on 07/18/2006.

Notation found on SCP-1508

Thanke you. Showed me I dont need to be a slave to the doctor. I dont have to do their work anymore. I am free as I will ever be. So long for now
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 00:44
            
            Edit
+214)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            CubeSat
                      
              University of Leicester CubeSat Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            KnightsWrite
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LGAM Knowledge Base
                      
              Local Government Knowledge Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trading With The Flow!!!
                      
              The Art of Trading the NOW
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

