                        

Five instances of SCP-3375 at the Aquarium Berlin in Germany.

Two SCP-3375 instances, having recently finished a meal at the Monterey Bay Aquarium in Northern California.

SCP-3375 instance in Sea Life London Aquarium, awaiting delivery of food.

Item #:  SCP-3375

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All publicly-operated aquariums in North America and Europe hosting 500 or more species are to be monitored for the appearance of SCP-3375 instances.

In the event that SCP-3375 instances are noticeably documented appearing in public view, a Foundation disinformation department team is to disseminate a story indicating that the presence of SCP-3375 was part of a trial-run “special event” involving trained animals on loan from a private institution. All staff of affected aquariums will be debriefed with a similar cover story.

Coinage left by SCP-3375 is to be collected and stored in the nearest Foundation-owned facility. Writing left by SCP-3375 is to be removed using methods that are not obtrusive to aquarium inhabitants and onlookers.

Description:  SCP-3375 refers to an anomalous population of Heterocongrinae (garden eels) observed to spontaneously manifest in public aquariums in the North American and European continents1. SCP-3375 instances appear and generally behave identically to their non-anomalous counterparts.

According to the limited collected data, SCP-3375 instances will typically manifest3 in the area.

Following the feeding period, SCP-3375 will retreat into the substrate, and after a period of 30 to 60 seconds, will reappear holding a single siglos4 coin in its mouth. An SCP-3375 instance will then deposit the coin on the substrate and withdraw into the burrow it originated from. Once SCP-3375 is no longer in view above the substrate, any evidence of the burrow it apparently occupied disappears. Coins produced by SCP-3375, while in unusually pristine condition, exhibit no anomalous properties.

If no food is introduced to the tank at the time of SCP-3375 manifestation, SCP-3375 will remain at its burrow and placidly observe nearby fish. Should SCP-3375 be kept waiting for food longer than 10 minutes, it will retreat into its burrow without producing coinage5.

On rare occasions, usually involving multiple instances of SCP-3375 manifesting in the same location, the first SCP-3375 instance to appear will leave its burrow and seek out the nearest flat surface. The SCP-3375 instance will then use its tail to deposit a layer of dark-colored mucus7. Upon such an act being performed, the SCP-3375 instance will return to its burrow, and all SCP-3375 present will each produce the typical siglos and collect the coins into a small pile, with the first SCP-3375 adding an additional siglos to the top of the collection.

It is noted that SCP-3375 manifest exclusively in water environments that differ widely in animal and plant population from those preferred by their non-anomalous counterparts.

Footnotes
1. Of note, individuals of the Heterocongrinae subfamily are native to the Indo-Pacific region, as well as the Atlantic and East Pacific.
2. Though singular instances of SCP-3375 have been known to manifest, it is more common for two or more SCP-3375 instances to appear together.
3. SCP-3375 instances will quickly retreat back into their burrows if a human approaches with the intent to extract it from the burrow.
4. A silver coin issued by the Achaemenid Persian Empire from 520 BCE-450 BCE to 330 BCE, weighing approximately 5.40 to 5.60 grams.
5. As of ██/██/██, this behavior has been observed in three public aquariums. Despite increased Foundation surveillance of the facilities, none of the three aquariums were visited again by SCP-3375.
6. Lab analyses currently cannot be performed, as the mucus dissipates upon attempt to collect samples.
7. Pronounced  (səpasgɔzaræm), translated “I am thankful” or “thank you”.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Apr 2018 23:10
            
            Edit
+137)
Tags
Discuss (34)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Collaboratory
                      
              at Colby Community College
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ΚΣΕ ΜΟΥΔΑΝΙΩΝ Επιμόρφωση Β Επιπέδου
                      
              «Όποιος τολμάει να διδάξει δεν πρέπει ποτέ να πάψει να μαθαίνει» John Cotton Dana
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trueblood: Dallas
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

