                        

Item #:  SCP-238

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-238 is currently contained by the original means. Current SCP protocols have proven unable to fully contain SCP-238. All exploration of SCP-238 is suspended until full, sustained containment has been achieved. Any and all personnel attempting to enter SCP-238 are to be physically restrained and moved to an outside containment area. Upkeep of the current barrier is top priority, and a minimum of two personnel are to be present at all times for upkeep and security.

No testing, samples, or exploration may be conducted within SCP-238 until full containment of SCP-238 has been achieved, or with approval by Site Overwatch. Any and all persons entering are to be deemed missing, presumed dead.

Description:  SCP-238 is an enormous underground facility, with a single entrance on the island Shmidta to the extreme north of Russia. Tunnel networks have been shown to extend for thousands of kilometers, with major  have also been observed to include several connections to [DATA EXPUNGED]. When originally found, the entrance was sealed behind a massive wall of bricks, covered in carvings. This wall was removed, and exploration began. Initial tests showed that the walls of SCP-238 were primarily fossilized tissue of unknown origin. Several structures within the facility led initial exploration teams to conclude that SCP-238 is or was at least half biological.

Shortly after discovery of a central chamber, reported to consist of partially rotted flesh and badly decayed metal structures, personnel began to disappear, and numerous accidents claimed eight lives.  and other hallucinations were reported, along with ████████, and other [DATA EXPUNGED].

Eight containment walls and associated personnel were destroyed by unknown means, with a survivor reporting  (unconfirmed), in addition to rapidly escalating aggressive phenomenon by SCP-238. Replacement of the original wall has contained the item effectively, but new SCP containment and research strategies have been requested, as the current containment prevents in-depth exploration and experimentation.

Addendum 238-S7: 

Upon the escape of six juvenile instances of SCP-1013, the local SCP Team assigned to SCP-238 reported SCP-1013 squeezing through the original wall and entering the underground chambers. After O5-█, O5-█, O5-█, Dr. ██████, and Dr. ██████████ were notified, they elected to send in a single team to retrieve SCP-1013. Further information regarding the expedition is found in document 238-S7-A, with clearance level three (3) required. The end result of the retrieval team were six dead, two critically injured, one missing in action, and the six juvenile SCP-1013 instances being re-captured. Further research into SCP-238 will be carried out by Dr. ████ and his research staff, under SCP supervision.

Document 238-S7-A:  Audio log of retrieval of SCP-1013

 

Personnel D-299:  I don't see nothing, not that damn thing we're lookin' for, not that fucking suit that was supposed to watch us, not even a god damn exit!

Agent ██████:  You will hold your comments, Agent █████████████ is currently covering the central chamber so nothing can escape.

Personnel D-299:  Like us? I don't see-

Agent ██████:  Shut it!

Personnel D-299:  -why I have to-

Agent ██████:  I said quiet! Now!

Personnel D-299:  -carry on like a fucking boy scout-

Agent ██████:  Shut the hell up you idiot! There's movement up ahead.

(Sounds of scraping and grinding are heard)

(Several minutes pass)

Personnel D-299:  that don't look like number ███, but that ain't natural..

Agent ██████:  (Incomprehensible), that's not, Delta-Two-Niner-Niner, Open fire! NOW!

(Sounds of gunfire are heard)

Agent ██████:  

Personnel D-299:  

 

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Jul 2020 08:58
            
            Edit
-28)
Tags
Discuss (53)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Blank Template
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Machinima 138
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Where are the Joneses Wiki.
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Morningside Genetics
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

