                        

Item #:  SCP-3032

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Reports of forest fires with unknown/unusual causes are to be constantly monitored, with an increased priority in regions with a history of SCP-3032 instances. [Consult Document 3032-Regions for further information]

Identified instances of SCP-3032 outside of containment are to be neutralized via aerial-strike by local Armed Observation Posts [See Incident Report 3032-01]. Once an instance of SCP-3032 has been identified, it is to be immediately reported to the nearest Biological Containment Site equipped for SCP-3032. Identified instances are to be kept under constant surveillance; should it enter an active state, the appropriate Site is to deploy anti-air guided missiles in order to neutralize the object before it enters Phase 7. Should object succeed in entering Phase 7, Foundation personnel are to be deployed to destroy any cones that have been released. A thin acid spray has been found to be the most effective method thus far for quick disposal of cones.

A current total of 14 13 instances of SCP-3032 are contained in an 18 meters2 open-air greenhouse area. Each specimen is to be planted within a 2 meters2 plot of soil extending 10 meters deep maximum, in order to minimize chances of a coordinated assault. In the event a contained instance should enter Phase 1, the root system is to be immediately flooded with water, which will neutralize the active state and prevent the specimen from entering Phase 3. Should the specimen achieve Phase 3, the neutralization strategy detailed above is to be employed.

Description:  SCP-3032 is the collective designation for an anomalous strain of Larix laricina.1 New instances of SCP-3032 develop complex, repetitive root systems, which seem to prioritize stability over resource collection. Instances possess extremely durable bark, rendering most tree felling tools and methods ineffective. Due to these properties, as well as the objects' other anomalous properties, instances take approximately 2x longer to reach maturity than their non-anomalous counterparts.

The primary anomalous property of SCP-3032 specimens manifest when instances are ready to reproduce, or are under threat. Specimens, upon entering an active state, are capable of simulating the launch sequence of conventional ballistic missiles. Specimens appear to target random locations, unless preparing for a coordinated assault [SEE INCIDENT REPORT 3032-01]. To accommodate for this unconventional means of dispersal, cones produced by SCP-3032 are noted to be highly resistant to impact forces and extreme heat, and will naturally angle downwards during descent. Cones will impact the ground at terminal velocity, capable of causing severe damage to impact zone. Additionally, attempts to tamper with instances of SCP-3032, or after successfully penetrating the outer bark, will result in the object entering a  state, resulting in premature, rushed flight. Panicking SCP-3032 instances seem to possess a 43% failure rate, wherein fuel is improperly created and the object either explodes violently or fails to achieve liftoff.

The following is a list of flight phases SCP-3032 instances undergo:

+Table

-Table

Phase
Description

1
Root system shifts, causing realignment.

2
Internal chemical reactions triggered by reorientation occur, creating an as-yet unidentified compound rivaling conventional rocket fuels.2

3
Primary ignition; root systems begin separating from trunk, reducing energy requirements for initial takeoff.

4
Roots detonate in a chain reaction, adding additional thrust.

5
Lift-off is achieved; object accelerates to approximately 10m/s within 5 seconds

6
Primary thrust ceases; object begins to decelerate.

7
Object has lost all upward momentum; begins descent. Cones begin to be released from branches.

8
Collision. Heavy impact ignites remaining fuel trapped within internal chamber, resulting in a violent explosion, scattering any remaining cones.

Incident 3032-01:  On ██/██/19██, less than 12 hours after destruction of a group of SCP-3032 instances, three other identified groves of SCP-3032 within the vicinity of the neutralized group suddenly became active and appeared to actively target the missile silos and hangar area of Site-██, resulting in █ casualties and ██ injuries. It is currently theorized that instances possess some unknown means of short-to-mid range communication among each other, and use this system as a means to calculate the origin point of threats. Confirmed communication system; root systems appear to be capable of communicating with neighboring systems through unknown mechanism. Containment procedures revised to prevent further coordinated assault.

Footnotes
1. Tamarack tree
2. No samples have been obtained due to the threat of specimen entering a panic state.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 16:24
            
            Edit
+100)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            indexhibit customisations
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            База данных Backrooms
                      
              Оглядывайтесь почаще...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר אא
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

