                        

Item #:  SCP-1763

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The stairwell leading into the basement containing SCP-1763 is to be kept closed at all times, and guarded from the inside by two security personnel. A clearance level of 2 or higher is required for entrance. Personnel interested in viewing video records of performance incidents are to contact Dr. Howder.

Description:  SCP-1763 is a Class-4 (reclassified from Class-3 following incident 1763-64) interdimensional portal2 At the time SCP-1763 was discovered, 76 folding chairs had been set up facing SCP-1763, in a formation typical of a proscenium space. While there is no box office, a metal bowl is placed on a small table at the entrance to the seating area with the label  have made use of the venue.

The reality visible within SCP-1763 appears to be a proscenium-arch-type stage, with two permanent sets of curtains5. This stage area is designated SCP-1763-1.

SCP-1763-1 is currently used as a theatre venue by a large company designated SCP-1763-A. This company will perform on a monthly basis, with limited runs during the last full week of the month from Monday to Saturday. Shows typically start at 18:00 and run until 20:00 - 22:00, with a 15 - 20 minute intermission. There may also be a matinee on Fridays or Saturdays at 2:00. Alongside these regular performances, SCP-1763-A may also produce children's shows, stand-up comedy, or improvised theatre6.

Members of SCP-1763-A show numerous anomalous properties. SCP-1763-A-17 is an incorporeal entity which operates through mechanical hands extending inwards from off-stage, SCP-1763-A-5, -6, and -12 are entirely skeletal, SCP-1763-A-7 and -8 possess two sets of arms, and SCP-1763-A-13 appears to be a member of Homo neanderthalensis. Players may or may not be type-casted depending on their appearance.

Construction of the set begins two weeks before opening, with dress rehearsals occurring three days before opening. Pieces performed by SCP-1763-A vary widely. Approximately one quarter of all performances correspond to existing plays. Thus far, the perceived cost of a production and the frequencies of production have not changed with audience attendance or the amount donated.

Attempts to interact with the space within SCP-1763 have so far been unsuccessful. Tunneling around and into SCP-1763's apparent space leads to a mirror image of SCP-1763.

Addendum:  Samples of productions:

Performance Incident #:  1

Performance:  

Program Description:  A look at the life of a young, female Ghoul as she struggles to find her identity in a world of four genders. Body image problems, red squirting, and how parents are expected to deal with these issues are some of the numerous issues addressed in this piece.

Observations:  The four genders acknowledged in the play are male, female, . SCP-1763-A-3 vomited an orange fluid onto the stage during the second act.
附加记录：    

Performance Incident #:  4

Performance:  Waiting for Godot by Samuel Beckett

Program Description:  Samuel Beckett's classic play is now being presented by the Harsh Lot Theatre Company. Vladimir and Estragon wait for a mysterious figure named Godot and provide insight into many problems facing society today.

Observations:  Researchers agreed SCP-1763-A-13's performance as Estragon was  throughout the production. The reason for this remains unknown.
附加记录：    

Performance Incident #:  14

Performance:  

Program Description:  A play all children should attend, Play With the Jenklsedn addresses problems of growing up, family issues, and even how to deal with a family pet.

Observations:  Scenes include .
附加记录：    

Performance Incident #:  21

Performance:  

Program Description:  A new comedy by J, Love and a Sea Blorb is sure to keep your appendix rumbling as we watch a man slowly fall into madness when a sea blorb breaks up with his mother!

Observations:  The production was overall quite humorous, albeit somewhat disturbing.
附加记录：    

Performance Incident #:  22

Performance:  

Program Description:  For one night only, see some of Transervita's greatest comedians come all the way to New York for some great stand-up!

Observations:  SCP-1763-A-34 emitted a high-pitched, constant shriek for 10 minutes which caused uncontrollable laughter among researchers. Recommendation to avoid productions by any similar entities.
附加记录：    

Performance Incident#:  31

Performance:  Hamlet by William Shakespeare

Program Description:  One of Shakespeare's most famous works, the Harsh Lot Theatre Company performs their interpretation of this historic piece.

Observations:  Entire work was performed backwards, including the words themselves. In spite of this, the production was described by researchers as .
附加记录：    

Performance Incident#:  36

Performance:  

Program Description:  On top on bottom on top on bottom on top on bottom you are nothing

Observations:  An experimental, 6-hour piece consisting of SCP-1763-A-37 removing and replacing a New York Yankees baseball cap while repeating  Due to SCP-1763-A-37's properties, the hat was covered in a thick, pink slime.
附加记录：    

Performance incident#:  40

Performance:  

Program Description:  Some of Harsh Lot's best improvisers put on a two-hour show about an astronaut on Mars. What happens next? We'll just have to wait and find out.

Observations:  Mars was repeatedly referred to as being blue.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
SCP-1986.
2. Independent shows not necessarily associated with Broadway Theater are common in this area of New York City.
3. These curtains are rarely used, as per trends among contemporary theatre.
4. which will typically be painted over in order to match with the current production
5. Note that this is exclusively used for prop work; no lighting units are apparent.
6. Due to SCP-1763's nature, there is no audience participation in this form of improvisation.
7. The director of most productions.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Jul 2018 06:05
            
            Edit
+182)
Tags
Discuss (40)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Language Arts (8)
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Balchipedia
                      
              The Encyclopedia of Balch History
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LegendSpring
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hacking Thursday
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

