                        

Item #:  SCP-2661

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2661 has not been contained, but efforts are ongoing to identify the source of its manufacture. SCP-2661-Alpha is contained on-site at its location 10km south of Ames, Iowa. The land and construction were seized under eminent domain using the cover story that they represent a biological hazard requiring quarantine. Level 2 security is to be maintained. SCP-2661-Beta is at-large and presumed active.

Description:  SCP-2661 is an illegal street drug known variously as 'asterion', 'zezna', and 'tojkef'. SCP-2661 began surfacing in late 2014 in Asia Minor and has since made its way to North Africa, Europe, and North America. Street-level dealers have proven useless in discovering its source. Even under strenuous interrogation, they have proven ignorant of how they came into possession of it. Tissue samples have revealed that they had been administered amnestics in the past 90 days.

Typically smoked, SCP-2661 behaves as a psychedelic and stimulant, producing a very short lasting experience typified by a feeling of euphoria accompanied by vivid hallucinations. SCP-2661 is highly addictive, with a dependence potential comparable to heroin. Spectrographic analysis has proven contradictory and inconclusive.

Of note is the unusual degree of agreement between users of the drug in the kinds of imagery experienced: highly recursive geometries, marked by proliferating angles and avenues. After using the drug even for a short time, the desire to recall these experiences becomes pronounced, typically leading users to attempt elaborate, highly detailed reproductions. Failure to yield to these compulsions (when, for instance, confined or under medical care) produces a sharp sense of anxiety or dread. Amnestics have proven only partially successful in addressing these symptoms. The obsessional effects are distinct from the more conventional physical withdrawal produced when the drug itself is unavailable. Those have proven amenable to conventional addiction therapies i.e. counseling, 12-step programs, Ayahuasca, etc.

Roughly 1 in 1,000 users suffer an atypical reaction. This group is characterized by a difficulty achieving REM sleep, a manic concentration, and an almost savant-like ability to recall and articulate the drug experience. This group is at great risk of dying due to sleep-deprivation and exhaustion motivated by their desire to work on their reproductions without interruption.

Recovery Log:  SCP-2661-Alpha  spans over 70 acres of farmland. It consists of intricate alley-ways and corridors constructed with ad hoc materials such as plywood, cardboard, stone sheeting and other detritus. The owner of the farmland, a Mr. James █████, appears to have built it over the course of 100 days. Local authorities became concerned for the man's well-being, but no action was taken as he appeared lucid and cheerful when questioned and appeared to pose no danger to himself or others. He maintained that, being of advanced age, he had decided to devote what time he had left to an artistic endeavor that might outlive him. Foundation agents interceded when reports surfaced that his butchered remains had been discovered by a census taker.

Footage recovered from surveillance cameras on the property show that on September 8th, 2015, a boviform humanoid emerged from the construction. The entity (classified SCP-2661-Beta) then consumed Mr. █████ over the course of several hours. Mr. █████ put up no resistance, though he appeared in great pain. After he expired, the entity dug a make-shift grave and deposited his remains in it. It then knelt beside the grave for a period of 45 minutes, after which it fled.

Foundation agents discovered that the construction's walls bore marks made in blood, apparently measured out at regular intervals with the remains of Mr. █████'s intestines. Their purpose remains unknown. The entity in question has not been sighted since.

Further review of Mr. █████'s remains revealed a symbol engraved in his skull. Its significance is unknown.

Addendum:  The following are excerpts recovered from Mr. █████'s diary:

+open

-close

April 29th

附加记录：    

May 5th

附加记录：    

May 7th

附加记录：    

May 9th

I still can't work. I can't get the hallucinations out of my head. So intricate. Like a Cubist mandala. Fathomless. Defiant of characterization. I've been trying to paint them, see if I can just get them in front of me on canvas.
附加记录：    

May 13th

felt strange. Sharper. My sleep's been off. Don't seem to need as much of it anymore. Probably age. The painting is glorious. Discovering more and more about the Vision as I get more of it down. I'm amazed how well I can remember it. Not like the experiences I had on LSD in college. So intricate. So definite.
附加记录：    

May 14th

附加记录：    

May 19th

for this first time since I started this, I took a break. Worked twelve hours straight and went to bed, but woke up a few hours later unable to go back to sleep. I don't know why I was so anxious. I can't keep up this pace. Maybe try to do some writing instead.
附加记录：    

May 22nd

and felt awful. I had a picnic over at the stream and couldn't relax. Felt like I was being watched. Dreadful. All that seems to relax me is revisiting the Vision. I'm not sure if I'm going mad or not. Good thing there was so little kif. I find I've been craving it.
附加记录：    

June 1st

haven't had much time to write. I'm exhausted. Forgot to buy groceries. Will have them delivered. I need lumber. Lots of it. I'll try the dump tomorrow. May have to hire some summer kids to help.

I'm reminded of Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters. Or Kevin Costner in Field of Dreams. But I'm not worried. Shouldn't I be worried at not being worried?

That was strange. I just went blank there for about an hour. Not sure where I went. Came-to with the realization. What I'm working dwarfs my writing. My novels have meant nothing to no one. They're Trivial. Puerile. Meretricious. This is my true work. This will be my testament.
附加记录：    

June 17th

hired two dozen kids last week from the high school that the principal recommended. Told him I'm working on an art project. They're good kids and work hard. I give them lunch and they seem happy. It's going well. I am content. I seem normal.
附加记录：    

July 28th

Had a visit from a councilman. He brought a police officer. Probably a good idea to show my face around town once in a while. Spread some money around and buy some good will. While I talked to them and served them coffee, I felt like I was existing on two tracks at once. On track one: I am genial, make self-effacing jokes, respond disarmingly to their concerns. On track two: I am dreaming awake. The Vision accompanies me there, overlaid on their dull faces like a Veil. I am a bird of prey. I will leap from the sky and tear their features from their skulls, never once interrupting their childish prattling, their inanities. It's strange living as two people at once. One a mask worn to keep the profane world at bay. And beneath the mask: a resolute countenance. Contemplative. Patient. Awaiting instruction from the Divine.
附加记录：    

August 10th

Had a glorious dream last night. Hadn't thought of these things since I abandoned the church as a kid. In it, Christ appeared to me. He gave me the sweetest, kindest smile. He said that I will be with Him soon. He had traveled so far and underwent such hardships, such weariness. I knew what I must do. I carved pieces from my flesh and served them to Him. I opened my veins and let Him drink.

The ritual of Communion is prideful, backwards, peasant ramblings. How could we imagine eating of His flesh and drinking of His blood? Blasphemous hubris. We must do the offering. That we may live forever. In Him.
附加记录：    

September 4th

It's almost done. I've let the kids go, with a generous bonus and my sincere gratitude. The rest I can do on my own. It will be soon now. I can smell Him in my dreams. The stench of His flanks. The sweat from His hide. I can see his sweet, kind smile before me. His wide smile. May He deign to accept my humble offering.

May I be His succor

and His sustenance.

May I kneel before Him

and serve Him always.

His morsel, His sweet-meat,

His consort, His bride,

His handhoofmaiden
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sleep
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Oct 2019 19:24
            
            Edit
+155)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会小马国分部
                      
              控制 • 收容 • 保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            final fantasy XIV wiki encyclopédie en français
                      
              FFXIV final fantasy XIV 14 fr wiki FF14 français
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Lightworks Unofficial Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

