                        

Item #:  SCP-1513

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Instances of SCP-1513-1 are to be contained in wildlife observation units. The floor of these units is to be coated in soil, and replaced every 14 days. While soil is being replaced, instances of SCP-1513 are to be removed and placed in temporary containment units. SCP-1513 is currently held in a standard containment locker, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing.

Description:  SCP-1513 is a plastic package, containing approximately 11 seeds. Testing has shown that the seeds appear to be inert, and originating from the Helianthus annuus plant. The words  have been written on the front of SCP-1513.

Whenever a seed from SCP-1513 is placed into the ground, it will enter an active state. The seed will begin growing, whether or not it is watered or given sunlight. However, these factors will affect how it develops. If the seed is cared for properly, the instance will begin growing into the shape of a domestic house pet such as a cat or dog. This will continue for a period of time between 1-4 weeks, after which it will become animate. Hereafter, it will be known as an instance of SCP-1513-1.

SCP-1513-1 instance with improper care.

Instances of SCP-1513-1 display behaviors consistent with the animal they resemble, and will act with an extremely friendly disposition. Although unable to move from whichever location they were grown in, they will attempt to contact any organism coming near them. SCP-1513-1 do not react to portions of their mass being removed, and take several weeks to heal damaged portions. If the mass of the SCP-1513-1 instance is removed completely, it will grow into a different shape. They do not appear to have the ability to remember or recognize faces or objects.

If sunlight and water were denied during the growth stage, instances of SCP-1513-1 will become radically different. A hard inner structure of plant stem and dried leaves will grow, allowing them to become mobile. Instances of SCP-1513-1 will be able to detach themselves from where they are growing, and replant themselves elsewhere. They typically avoid human contact, moving away from any human coming near them and attempting to escape human care whenever possible.

When two instances of SCP-1513-1 are planted in the same pot, the root structures will combine over a period of 12 days, causing the instances to form into a larger plant (hereafter known as SCP-1513-2). SCP-1513-2 instances are animate, and capable of retaining simple memory of place, objects, and faces. In addition, these will display more complex behaviors, such as fear and excitement. Instances of SCP-1513-2 typically survive for 1-2 weeks, before separating into two SCP-1513-1 instances again.

SCP-1513 was discovered from a pet shop in Miami, FL, USA after reports of its anomalous properties reached Foundation agents investigating unrelated phenomena. Investigation of the store uncovered 11 instances of SCP-1513-1 and 2 instances of SCP-1513-2. Further investigation led to a raid that recovered SCP-1513. They have been contained at Site-77 as of 11/18/1999, and classified as Safe.
SCP-1341.

We've been talking about what to do with the seed things. The red troupe really screwed us over on this shit. We wanted to get something we could sell, and they give us pet plants. Who the hell buys a retarded dog you can grow? Even if I knew someplace that would want it, nobody's gonna see it as being real. Next time I see Wehrner, he's gonna get it.
附加记录：    

Okay, I was talking to some dudes from the troupe today, and they said we'd be able to use a warehouse to grow some samples in. Gave some directions, and a little kickback for our trouble. I guess Wehrner isn't a giant dick after all. There's some big buckets of dirt, and some lamps. We've got a hose to keep 'em moist have to do it couple times a day. Whatever. I'll make Lenny do it.
附加记录：    

Fuckers grow pretty quick. We've got a couple already full grown, rustling like crazy whenever they see us. I sent Lenny and Gary out to the stores to find a buyer, while me and Greg hold down the fort. Heh, maybe it'll work out after all.
附加记录：    

Greg put two seeds in one bucket today, the one we sold to the store downtown. If we can get two growing in one pot, we could make a shitload more money. As long as the seeds and commission keeps coming in from the actors, we'll be golden. When I get my cut of the next commission, I'm gonna go get a TV for this place. And some air conditioning.
附加记录：    

Well then. We didn't get two plants. There's a big green Labrador locked in a closet upstairs, out of the soil. Shit.
附加记录：    

Gary sold the big one to the store today, got a TON of cash for it. Can't say I expected it, but I'll be damned if we don't use it. I've put like, 10 seeds into a dirt bucket and stuck it in the closet. If this thing grows into like, an elephant or something, we could make all the money. Might be able to sell it to like, one of those big time organizations. Forget the pet store, we could sell these to like a big pet shop. Or the circus.
附加记录：    

Lenny didn't show up today. Lazy bastard.
附加记录：    

Still isn't showing up. I sent Greg to go look for him.
附加记录：    

Fucking morons. They all think they knew what they were doing, and then they got themselves eaten. I remember when there used to be competent handlers of weird shit like this, but nooo. Dumbass kids had to be eaten, or killed, or whatever by the plant thing. Not sure what happened to them, didn't check. Torched that whole scene and left it for the troupe to sort out.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Mar 2020 14:42
            
            Edit
+211)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Insu Sandbox
                      
              All you need is a shovel... and a sacrifice.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hearts of Randomnautica Wiki
                      
              An interesting realm
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            L4D Map Database
                      
              L4DMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Icon Deposit
                      
              Design.Tutorials.Freebies
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

