                        

An instance of SCP-4209 attempting to activate the 2nd floor personnel break room stove during testing.

Item#:  SCP-4209

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-4209 are to be stored within a specialty containment locker lined with light synthetic padding within Storage Wing-12, at MTF Alpha-4 () are to intercept shipments of grocery suppliers and retrieve cartons containing SCP-4209.

Description:  SCP-4209 is a collection of eggs, commonly located in groups of six (6) or more. SCP-4209 colonies have only been found in 12 pack █████ ████ brand egg cartons in seemingly random grocery stores around the United States. Each individual egg weighs 57.2 grams, and has a smiley face drawn on the front with a black sharpie. The shells of SCP-4209 appear to be extremely strong compared to regular egg shells, making them very durable and difficult to harm. Colonies of SCP-4209 are able to operate individually, and can roll around to get to certain areas. Specimens are not capable of speech, but are able to move around to form responses, such as  The temperaments of SCP-4209 colonies are fairly docile, and they show extreme elation and affection towards humans, particularly when doing something in relation with cooking. The observed main behavior of SCP-4209 is to aid humans when in the kitchen, usually by displacing small objects like salt shakers when a subject is preparing a meal, or attempting to turn on the stove when subjects are seen preparing raw poultry such as chicken or beef. Large groups of SCP-4209, particularly groups of twelve (12) and higher, are able to prepare full meals such as salads, grilled chicken, and toast. SCP-4209 is also capable of preparing a table for eating, by setting up silverware and rolling plates over to subjects.

Addendum SCP-4209-A:  

-Dr. ████
附加记录：    

Testing Logs:  The following is a log of all tests performed upon SCP-4209. All of these tests were performed in a kitchen environment, more notably the 2nd floor personnel break room.

Number of SCP-4209 Specimens:  Two (2)

Ingredients:  2 slices of plain white bread, a jar of strawberry jelly, a plastic knife

Result:  Jelly sandwich

Notes:  Instead of using the plastic knife for spreading the jelly, SCP-4209-1 instead inserted itself inside the jar of jelly, and proceeded to roll on top of the slices of bread.

Number of SCP-4209 Specimens:  Two (2)

Ingredients:  Strawberry, strawberry huller

Result:  Nothing

Notes:  SCP-4209's knowledge of kitchen utensils has come into question. Further testing is required.

Number of SCP-4209 Specimens:  Seven (7)

Ingredients:  Raw chicken breast, a bottle of paprika, a bottle of salt, a bottle of pepper, a bottle of oil, a pan

Result:  Seasoned grilled chicken breast

Notes:  Chicken breast was cooked perfectly, right amount of seasoning and cooking time. SCP-4209's knowledge of kitchen utensils are average.

Number of SCP-4209 Specimens:  Six (6)

Ingredients:  2 eggs, a bottle oil, a bottle of salt, a bottle of pepper, stick of butter, a pan

Result:  Nothing

Notes:  SCP-4209 specimens refused to cook the egg. Whether provoked or calmly told to do so, SCP-4209 still refused.

Number of SCP-4209 Specimens:  One (1)

Ingredients:  Cup of black coffee, cup of sugar, cup of creamer, cup of caramel drizzle

Result:  Cup of coffee with creamer

Notes:  SCP-4209 specimen was told before starting to only put creamer inside the coffee. SCP-4209 followed directions.

Number of SCP-4209 Specimens:  One (1)

Ingredients:  Cup of black coffee, cup of sugar, cup of creamer, cup of caramel drizzle

Result:  Cup of coffee with overwhelming amounts of sugar

Notes:  The SCP-4209 specimen was not given specific directions, and was allowed to independently add anything inside the coffee. SCP-4209 produced a cup of coffee, extremely sweet.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:54
            
            Edit
+48)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Grave-Box
                      
              Close that grave-box door
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Backrooms
                      
              Watch Your Back...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Prämien teilen
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BRTFF
                      
              Passion on the Top
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

