                        

Item #:  SCP-3912

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3912 is to be contained in a 77mm lens filter case with soft-foam packaging and placed in a standard secure locker. Access to SCP-3912 for testing requires Level security 2 clearance.

Description:  SCP-3912 is a 77mm Tiffen brand UV filter for camera lenses with a prominent set of fractures across the diameter of the glass. These fractures are clearly visible when looking through the viewfinder of a camera fitted with this filter. The anomalous effects of SCP-3912 manifest when an affected camera takes a picture of an object or person the user deems a threat. Incisions appear on the target, matching the superimposition of the fractures and severing along these lines, but not affecting any other objects in the frame. Development is not required; as testing has shown, this effect is produced with digital cameras as well as film cameras. Furthermore, the fractures do not appear on developed film and digital images.

Subjects looking through the viewfinder report the presence of a benevolent entity looking over their shoulder. Tests consistently show thermal deviations to what the user perceives as optimal room temperature around the user whenever the effects of SCP-3912 manifest. While using SCP-3912, subjects have shown understanding of advanced and esoteric photographic concepts, regardless of previous experience.

SCP-3912 was first made known to the Foundation when Hassan ██████, a famed photographer for his coverage of several military conflicts throughout the Middle East, was abducted by insurgents in Al Qa'im on ██/██/2016. Hassan survived the abduction by using SCP-3912 to neutralize eight of his captors.

MTF Zulu-21 () was dispatched on ██/██/2016 to apprehend the subject and recover SCP-3912, who were both in the custody of insurgents belonging to the Al-Nursa Front along the Iraqi border. Hassan was found with multiple gunshot wounds, surrounded by ██ insurgents neutralized by the patterned incisions in the chest and neck. These incisions also affected Kevlar and bulletproof vests worn by said insurgents without tearing in the material.

Hassan was taken to Site-██ to be given medical attention and interrogated on the nature and acquisition of SCP-3912. Hassan expressed concern with SCP-3912 falling into the wrong hands and freely divulged information regarding SCP-3912 (See Addendum 3912-A).

Addendum: 

+██████.

-██████.

Interviewed:  Hassan ██████

Interviewer:  Task Force Commander Amr Haddad

Foreword:  Interview taking place at Site-██ infirmary. Subject condition unstable but conscious. Dr. Elissa was unavailable to conduct the interview. Task Force Commander Haddad is conducting the interview in her stead in light of Subject's failing condition and language barriers. Transcript is translated from Arabic.

 

Amr:  Hello, I'm Commander Haddad. I will be conducting this interview.

Hassan:  [wheezing] This is about the lens filter, isn't it?

Amr:  Yes. We have some questions we need you to answer, namely how you came into possession of the item.

Hassan:  This is it, isn't it? I lucked out too many times I need to know you can be trusted.

Amr:  I can assure you we have medical professionals working to keep you stable.

Hassan:  Who are you, people? I don't aren't you?

Amr:  Yes.

Hassan:  Are you part of the GOC?

Amr:  No. Our practices focus on containment as opposed to the elimination of anomalous objects. How do you know of that organization?

Hassan:  They wanted to take everything from me, so I killed, and killed, and killed. You'd understand, right? She was  the West Bank. Her name was Zahr, and every bit as beautiful as one. She learned to be a photographer. She wanted to capture the beauty of the world.

Amr:  Was she the original owner of the item?

Hassan:  She was killed by the IDF. A sniper  they thought it was a gun. I should have never let her pursue that path.

Amr:  Can you tell me how this relates to your possession of

Hassan:  That's all body.

Amr:  The IDF?

Hassan:  I couldn't throw itThey probably saw it fit to mock her like that, steal a man's only daughter and leave him nothing but a broken memento.

Amr:  When did you discover the item had anomalous properties?

Hassan:  Maybe two days after? I was angry, grieving. I wasn’t thinking straight; I just put the filter on one of her cameras and looked out the window. There was a lone IDF soldier out there, and I thought; just what if… I took the picture and he died right there, cut in half.

Amr:  Was this incident related to the [DATA EXPUNGED] killings?

Hassan:  Yes.

Amr:  Were you behind the killings?

Hassan:  It was easy. You just stand there thinking it's not a threat, it even looks like a broken camera. I just kill you with a click. Even now. Even now I can see the justice running in crimson rivers. Veins of the deserving need their dams broken.

Amr:  I see. Has this effect ever happened to wild animals?

Hassan:  She cut the leg off a bear once it toppled over while running and it just collapsed, bleeding out all over the place.

Amr:  I see. Thank you for your time.

Hassan:  Wait! Please one last time before I die.

Amr:   I'll see what I can do.

 

Closing Statement:  Hassan ██████ was not given amnestics; delirium was noted during the interview and his condition began failing shortly after the interview. He was comatose after 10 hours and declared dead from internal bleeding and kidney failure three days later. Commander Amr Haddad was reprimanded for divulging information about the Foundation. Commander Haddad argued that divulging information to an individual who was on their deathbed was justified as it had resulted in the necessitated information.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 18:13
            
            Edit
+52)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Principles of Biology II
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chaos  Complexity Theories in Education Group
                      
              Also a Special Interest Group of the American Educational Research Association
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chimiex Bicaz
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The World of Metamor Keep
                      
              Welcome to Metamor Keep
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

