                        

The outskirts of SCP-5825.

Item #:  SCP-5825

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The 75 mi² area containing SCP-5825 has been purchased by the Foundation and all roads entering it have been redirected. All documents referencing SCP-5825 are to be located and modified as needed. Anomalous artifacts and items originating from SCP-5825 are to be removed from the area and stored accordingly in Storage Site-64 or Site-67. Personnel may access these items for research purposes after being given permission by the Head Researcher of SCP-5825.

SCP-5825-1 is contained at the location of its discovery; any experimentation or handling of it is forbidden.

Description:  SCP-5825 is the anomalous ruins of a city located in Turkey. Most of SCP-5825's architecture is overrun with vegetation and shows erosion consistent with its ████ year-old age, except for certain buildings and objects that have been anomalously preserved in their original state. SCP-5825 is structured like a pyramid, with thaumatic barriers dividing the city into three vertically-stacked sections.1 The descriptions of these sections are as follow:

The lower section of SCP-5825 consists primarily of areas intended for manual labor, with a smaller section dedicated to housing. Dwellings in this tier of SCP-5825 are eroded and in a state of disrepair, with most showing signs of forced entry. Across its pathways are iron cages and flags on top of damaged, elevated structures.

The middle section of SCP-5825 possesses a higher domestic building count and contains numerous metals and fabrics embedded into the architecture. The dwellings of this section are thought to have housed the artisan and scholar population of SCP-5825, evident by the numerous documents and signs found there. Pathways in this section have one meter wide holes spread throughout them, which were found to be connected to SCP-5825-1.

The upper section of SCP-5825 contains numerous anomalous items and is believed to have housed SCP-5825's upper class. The dwellings of this section are large and decorated with an array of art and ores. On the exterior foundation of these buildings are thaumatic and occult symbols that mitigate structural erosion. The streets of this area possess perforations similar to those found in the middle segment and have also been found to connect to SCP-5825-1. The center of the tier is occupied by a massive, ornate structure with its interior found to be heavily cratered.

Documents present within SCP-5825 do not match any known languages, though text appears to have been thaumatically augmented to be perceived by an observer in their native language. SCP-5825’s name roughly translates from these documents as “Dogma.”

SCP-5825-1 is a large round conical apparatus composed of a black, unidentified substance structurally similar to human epidermis. Hundreds of pipes extend from SCP-5825-1 towards the surface. Located in front of its base is an iron staircase that leads to a door providing further access to the interior of SCP-5825-1. Further information is restricted to Level 3 access.

Throughout SCP-5825 are spherical objects composed of iron, granite, and unknown material measuring roughly 25cm in diameter. When touched by a human subject, these objects will project audio or holographic images that will be translated into the native language of the observer. Due to their abundance and the information they have revealed about SCP-5825, these items are collectively designated as Anomalous Object-5825.

Addendum-1Research

CloseAddendum

There are few references about SCP-5825 in historical texts, despite its size and advanced technology. Below is a report by Dr. Frip Reece on the subject:

Ruins of the Middle Section.

SCP-5825 was a civilization specializing in thaumatics, or magic in layman's terms, to achieve their technological and economic status. An infrastructure capable of housing hundreds of thousands of people, a plumbing system, the items recovered from there that mimic our own appliances along with the documents acquired from many AO-5825 instances has lead me to believe that SCP-5825 was formed before the 2nd Occult War and was abandoned at some point after it. Our records of human advancement and the decline of technology and thaumatics show that this era was the perfect time for SCP-5825 to exist and flourish before other groups of similar stature were destroyed.

However, its origins or rather how it was created are still unknown. No known records speak of a country or city of this kind existing. The only reference that I found to be most credible is from the Occult Masters of the Old World. In it, it reads:

Across the blackened sea, away from the claws of the Golden Tyrant, untouched by the power of abominations, is a mighty and rich city. Scholars across the known worlds flocked there once in mass to partake in its mastery of magic. The founders and rulers, wise as the oldest dragon, used their power to form the pillars of their domain and ushered in an era of knowledge and discovery. However, like all things, it was destroyed. No conquering armies or spiteful gods came upon them, no, it simply ceased. It was plundered not of its treasures or its knowledge, but its people. Gone and never to be seen again. Four hundred years of power swept away as if nothing. Let this travesty fall on no one.

This, however, could just be an exaggeration or fable that somehow latched the book's knowledge of SCP-5825. But what makes me believe in some of what the tale says is their people being taken. There are no human remains in the city, only items that once belonged to them. And the graves we have found have all been pillaged. Even the tombs found around the castle, the bodies of the rulers of SCP-5825, are empty. Why would an entity or group invade a city as advanced as this one and not take anything but people?

Further investigation is clearly needed.
附加记录：    

CloseAddendum

Addendum-2Instances

CloseAddendum

The following is a collection of recordings of information provided by AO-5825 instances in no particular order.

Lower Section 

Ambient noise.

Have you heard of the news? The prince is ill! Grab some drinks and stools. Get everybody else too! This winter has finally done us some good.

附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

I would like to make this statement towards our dead brothers and sisters! Though they have died thanks to the blizzard, their vacancy leaves us an abundance of food for this special occasion.

And to the blizzard itself, for finally giving the King and his cretin a taste of their own fate. Let their bodies feel the same pain we have felt for these eight years!

Now, let's eat!
附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

I saw a traveler enter the city yesterday and I couldn't really see how they look. It was at night, so that could be the cause, but why would anyone want to travel here anymore, with this winter? When I asked what they wanted in our frozen joke of a city, it laughed. Or I think it was a laugh and said it was to help. Don't know what that fool was talking about, probably was drunk.

It was colder last night than usual, too. I should have taken the coat from them.
附加记录：    

Note: This AO-58252 instance was red and was found on an elevated pole. Testing of it found it to be more durable when compared to other baseline instances.

Trumpets playing in harmony.

Attention citizens of Dogma, the king, in all of his wisdom, has decreed that food rations will be increased to combat this winter. The king asks their people to stay strong and continue to fight, for we shall prevail.
附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

I don't know why everybody's so happy. The only reason our food got increased from pebbles to scratch is because of the king's grief. Once they get over it he'll regain his senses and take our food again.

Idiots, the lot of them! Can't they see more metal threads are coming out of the night? That entry to the upper levels is becoming harder? I want to feel the sun's warmth again. Not sing praises for scraps.

附加记录：    

Middle Section 

Note: An AO-5825-A instance.

Trumpets playing harmony.

Attention citizens of Dogma, the king, in all their wisdom, has decreed that crevices in the upper levels of our domain will be built to combat the eternal winter! Interfering with construction in any form will result in death.

Rations will also be cut in half due to these developments.

Stay strong, we will prevail.
附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

Stay indoors, son. The lower levels are growing in violence by the hour. And some of our own too. Keep the food you already have and tell no one. I fear that we might have to fight soon if things don't change.
附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

Where are my supplies, Abem? Where are they? There's a battle brewing here and I need to meet the people's demands!

So stop playing games with me! You want to be rich or not?

You have until tomorrow to give it to me. Don't forget this time.
附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

Mom, Dad, we're being sent to the lower level tonight. They've been a lot of chaos down there, and it keeps getting worse. I heard some of them even contracted demons to help them

I didn't join to fight my people. I join this to fight for them! It hurts, this whole thing just hurts.
附加记录：    

Note: AO-5825-A instance.

Trumpets are playing in harmony.

By the wisdom of the King of Dogma, a plan has been devised to combat this winter and the growing number of traitors. However, to achieve this, sacrifices must be made by all the citizens of Dogma. The rations will be cut in half again in the next eight days, extra patrols will be deployed at night, and a curfew will be set in place. The oldest of each household will be delivered to one of the tribute houses near your respective districts. If the oldest is the main provider, any able-bodied person will suffice.

Failure to abide to any of these laws will mark you as a traitor. And any and all traitors will be selected as a tribute to Dogma. Stay strong my comrades, hundreds of years of our pride will not be vanquished today or in the future.

We will prevail!
附加记录：    

The video shows numerous silver shelves containing black boxes. A human can be seen clutching a wooden stick while lying on the ground in a fetal position. Yelling can be heard in the background.

A crashing sound is heard before a hole is created by a mob of humans by one of the silver shelves. The mob then swarms the area and approaches the human lying on the floor before the video cuts.
附加记录：    

The view is from an elevated position. Blue flames can be seen across dozens of destroyed and damaged buildings. Bodies are seen across the ground, with some covered in snow. Yelling in the background is heard as a single human is seen walking through the scene.

Unknown Individual:  Where is everybody?

Several seconds after the human is out of view, the angle goes up. A loud wail is heard in the distance.
附加记录：    

Upper Section 

Ruins of the Upper Section.

Ambient noise.

Quota demand. Number 87.

1,789 bodies have been delivered to the king's palace after last night's carnage. 5,000 are expected to be delivered by midday.

Also, 700 of our own soldiers were discovered smuggling food to the lower levels. Their bodies are expected to reach the prince shortly after this message is delivered.
附加记录：    

Ambient noise.

I'd rather die in the cold than work with that thing It isn't human, it morphs as it talks like its some twisted fae, and yet the king is enticed by it.

I'm leaving. I won't be slaughtered like cattle.
附加记录：    

Note: An AO-5825-A instance.

Trumpets playing in harmony.

The king has decreed that all efforts of the higher class are to support the subjugation of the lower levels at any cost and give one member of their household as tribute. Disobedience will mark you as a traitor and your title will be removed.

All bodies discovered or recovered are to be given as tribute.
附加记录：    

Ambeint noise.

Journal entry 512.

Dogma is doomed.

My countrymen are either fighting each other, being devoured, or are dead. Our own soldiers are beginning to turn on us, and rightfully so. That traveler, that thing, whatever it was, did this. It promised the king with its words of salvation. The ending of winter, the healing of a child—all will come to truth. But I fear that these things will come after we all are dead.

And after knowing all this, I sense no malice in their actions. It asked for nothing, it took nothing. It did what it said and left as if they brought life upon barren ground. I believe they truly thought what they did was good.

I should have spoken out the moment I sensed something was off, even at the cost of my own life, but now it's over.

I am a failure to myself and my countrymen. I deserve any fate that comes upon me.
附加记录：    
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On November 5th, 1998, a purple AO-5825 instance was discovered in the large structure in the center of the upper section. The transcript is provided below:

A human in an ornate coat is seen with a humanoid entity shrouded in mist. They are both standing over the body of an emaciated human child lying on a bed.

Unknown Individual:  And you can save him?

Unknown Entity:  [Unintelligible] 

Unknown Individual:  I'll do anything. He's my only son, just tell me.

Unknown Entity:  [Unintelligible] 

Unknown Individual:  Warmth!? The faeries couldn't do it and you tell me you can heal him and give us that too? What good is that if we're all going to—

Unknown Entity:  [Unintelligible] 

Unknown Individual:  Is that really the only way? Will my son at least live?

Unknown Entity:  [Unintelligible] 

Unknown Individual:  Okay, fine, I'll do it.

Unknown Entity:  [Unintelligible] 

Unknown Individual:  Nothing about this is right!

The human walks towards the child and kisses them on the forehead before kneeling before them.

Unknown Individual:  I love you, and goodbye.
附加记录：    

CloseAddendum

Level-3Incident-001

AccessGranted

On 1999/2/06, Doctor Reece and eight other personnel put a subject, D-958, inside SCP-5825-1. Doctor Reece then proceeded to close the entrance to SCP-5825-1 and after several minutes of inertness, he began to call off the experiment. The following is a transcript of what followed:

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Reece:  Alright, 958, one of the guards are coming to get ya.

D-958:  Yeah, yeah, just hurry up.

As a security personnel walks towards the entrance of SCP-5825-1, it begins to emit a grinding sound and rapidly increases in temperature.

D-958:  What in the hell is happening?

Dr. Reece:  Huh—Stay calm, we're trying to figure this out. [Gesturing at security personnel.] You two, get command, now!

D-958:  Shit, it's getting hot in here. Fuck, it keeps getting hotter!

Dr. Reece:  Remain calm, we are—

Screams can be heard coming from inside SCP-5825-1 before it grows silent. Suddenly, SCP-5825-1 begins to form a human face on the highest point of its structure, which begins to wail.

Dr. Reece:  Get out! Hurry!

Multiple ethereal humanoids begin to form around SCP-5825-1 and throughout SCP-5825. These entities appear to have severe burns, with several of them missing parts of the body. They can be seen wallowing across the ground or floating mid-air. Later estimates found that an approximate 2.5 million such instances manifested throughout SCP-5825.

A large shockwave emits from SCP-5825-1 knocking back all personnel on the floor. Humanoid limbs start to grow from the corners of the surface of SCP-5825-1's surface.

SCP-5825-1:  More 

The door into SCP-5825-1 then opens and personnel attempt to flee but are pulled in by an unseen force. After several minutes and ineffective struggling, all members are pulled inside SCP-5825-1 and the door closes. The pipes throughout SCP-5825 then begin to emit heat for several minutes before ceasing. The limbs on SCP-5825-1 then begin to retract as the ethereal entities begin to fade away.

The face at the apex of SCP-5825-1 tilts and stares into the recording camera for several seconds before retracting into the rest of the structure. Words then appear on the side of SCP-5825-1 for a brief moment before disappearing; the inscription reads .

[END LOG] 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. These barriers were found severely damaged and would deactivate if sufficiently interacted with.
2. Designated as AO-5825-A

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                tactile
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            03 Jan 2021 09:45
            
            Edit
+21)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The World of Metamor Keep
                      
              Welcome to Metamor Keep
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CloudTW
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUNEF Group A2
                      
              For Your Work, Opinions and Discoveries!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WIKEDUCAÇÃO
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

