                        

Fig 1.1: Inactive SCP-5799 specimen.

Item #:  SCP-5799

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation personnel stationed in the city of Rexburg are to suppress any knowledge of SCP-5799's existence to the general public. Likewise, field agents are to be stationed in dental clinics and report any young adults suffering from toothaches of any form.

Field agents proficient in the field of dentistry and oral hygiene must extract any teeth that may cause physical ailments in the affected adolescent. Extracted teeth are then analysed by the dental auxillaries of MTF-Upsilon-8 ()1 to determine if these teeth are viable SCP-5799 instances. Upon extraction of these entities, agents are to disseminate amnestics to the individuals involved and their families with cover stories implemented as an explanation for the missing teeth.

Any active SCP-5799 instances in the wild are to be contained whenever possible. MTF-Phi-5 () is responsible for the termination of all SCP-5799 entities while sending cover stories to the families of the hosts for an explanation regarding their disappearance2.

Description:  SCP-5799 are groups of human teeth (six or more) exhibiting autonomous motion and predatory behavior. Despite being made of enamel, SCP-5799 instances display abnormal malleability and actively stretch out in length; in this way, SCP-5799 entities are able to move and traverse to different locations.

SCP-5799 instances are nocturnal predators, typically seeking out adolescents between the age of 15 and 22 while they are in bed. Upon finding their prey, these instances restrain the subject using their roots. They wedge open the subject's jaw, forcibly extract each tooth, then implant themselves.

Fig 1.2: Fully grown SCP-5799 instance residing in D-80090's third molar.

Three hours after implantation, the subject's mandible and maxilla bones4. Over the next few days, the implanted instances expand in size, displacing surrounding tissue. The malleability of the subject's facial bones permits this displacement to occur with minimum tearing or breakage.

SCP-5799 instances inhabit the host's mouth for up to 12 days, continuing to grow. At the end of their life-cycle, they experience rapid demineralization6. Alterations to the host's tissue and bone resulting from SCP-5799's growth remain after this process is complete.

Discovery:  SCP-5799 was discovered in the city of Rexburg, Idaho after a surge in cosmetic dentistry and facial deformities among children were reported. MTF-Xi-3 () were then sent to the appropriate locations to capture all SCP-5799 instances and administered amnestics to the hosts' families.

Prior to their discovery, field agents also reported flyers and pamphlets being passed around in the local church and rehabilitation centers regarding a  The following transcript below is an example of one of the flyers received:

Got a bad toothache!? 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tooth Striders are no joke. Especially when it comes to the safetry[sic] of your children.

That's why Billy's Dental Killing Services are the ones for you!

We'll break any tooth, no matter hte[sic] size, because that doesn't matter to us!

Call 1-███-TOOTH-ACHE for our services! Remember: That's 1-███-TOOTH-ACHE!

Call within the next 48 hours, and we'll throw in a discount! (probably)
附加记录：    

Attempts to contact the number have yielded inconclusive results.

Footnotes
1. A task force specialized in dental hygiene to combat orthognathic anomalies.
2. This is due to the growing or fully grown SCP-5799 instances becoming increasingly difficult to excise from the host and rendering extraction of these instances an impractical ideal.
3. The upper and lower jawbones respectively.
4. Otherwise known as a rictus grin.
5. Otherwise known as caries, or tooth decay.
6. Commonly known as baby teeth.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Jul 2020 03:17
            
            Edit
+34)
Tags
Discuss (8)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Zagłębiowska Masa Krytyczna
                      
              Czwartek 3 Maja 2018 Godz.15:00
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            jQuery EasyUI
                      
              easyui help you build your web page easily!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hidden Project
                      
              Welcome to Hidden Project Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FakeProGaming Wiki Offical Website
                      
              FakeProGaming Wiki Offical Website
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

