                        

Item #:  SCP-1640

Object Class:  Neutralized; Previously Safe.

Previous Special Containment Procedures  1/23/2011: Observation Probe Delta-6 is currently in orbit, in order to intercept any radio signals emitted by SCP-1640. SCP-1640's trajectory has been altered to prevent escape velocity from the Moon, and is estimated to impact the Moon on 4/14/2035. Knowledge suppression of SCP-1640 is currently in process with select individuals of NASA. Observation of SCP-1640 is currently being held at Research Sector-29, and any changes in orbit or velocity are to be reported immediately.

Exploration Probe Delta-7 is tasked with collecting and disposing of instances of SCP-1640-1, and must be replaced before ceasing function on 8/24/2059.

Revised Procedures:  As of 4/10/2011, Exploration Probe Delta-7 is now tasked with removing destroyed instances of SCP-1640-1 and debris from SCP-1640. No further containment procedures are necessary, see Neutralization Event 1640-A.

Description:  SCP-1640 is a hemispheric mass of condensed soil, with several artificial pieces of equipment affixed to its surface. It is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter and 6 meters in height. SCP-1640 is approximately 5,000 kilometers above lunar surface, and is equipped with sub-systems typical for a modern man-made satellite. However, they are affixed in various positions as to imitate a temperate forest. This includes:

Green, circular solar cells attached to large, brown metal rods. Back-up batteries are held inside each rod, assumed to be an alternate power source.
Dual magnetometer sensors, UHF antenna, and telemetry control antenna, each positioned on the edges of SCP-1640. Each is mounted by a flower blossom, supposedly artificial.
The main thrusters are positioned underneath the main mass, and are bent at angles not unlike roots.
Irregularly shaped supplementary telemetry equipment, similar in appearance to stones. Apparently used in creating radio signals.

SCP-1640 emits a frequency modulated radio broadcast on the ██.███ frequency band, and may occasionally broadcast sounds of a repeated thumping noise, which has been determined to be Morse code.

SCP-1640 consistently produces various species of flora, and releases said specimens through an exhaust port located at its rear. Recorded specimens include shrubbery, saplings of trees, and various vegetables (edible buds, roots, leaves from various plants). These specimens (hereby referred to as SCP-1640-1) display no adverse effects when exposed to vacuum and ultraviolet-rays. They will continue to grow normally, and though processes such as photosynthesis are continually conducted, the lack of necessary materials (water, CO2, etc.) will not impact their lifespan. Instances of SCP-1640-1 were observed to disintegrate from atmospheric descent, and show no resistance to any other form of damage.

Images of SCP-1640 have confirmed the presence of a rabbit (Lepus curpaeums) above SCP-1640, though its size suggests that it is either newly born or the runt of the litter. It is currently unknown how this specimen is able to remain situated on SCP-1640 or how it is able to survive without any form of protective covering or shelter. Contact with SCP-1640 is currently being devised to detect any other anomalous properties of SCP-1640's inner mechanisms and its inhabitant.

Addendum 1640-C:  The following are radio transmissions received from SCP-1640, at the time of discovery. The last transmission was received during SCP-1640's neutralization.

3/█/20██

I see home below me. You must be lonely, I bring you back presents.
附加记录：    

3/1█/20██

The moon rabbit, huge. He is fields wide!

Also breach in ship. Gifts falling out. Will try fix.
附加记录：    

3/2█/20██

Above the moon! All the white rabbits below, they're sleeping. Landing soon!
附加记录：    

3/3█/20██

Still above moon. When is landing?
附加记录：    

4/█/20██

How will deliver gifts? When is landing? Home?
附加记录：    

The following transmission was found to originate from [REDACTED], which was notably home to a warren of rabbits, and was designated as Anomalous Event 3450-UT. The time between the transmission from SCP-1640 and the Anomalous Event has suggested that it was communicating with SCP-1640. [REDACTED] has displayed no anomalous properties as-of-yet.

Child. A satellite goes in one direction. I sent you alone, because you need strength. Because your life needs purpose, since it has none. So this will be your task from now on: to deliver to the rabbit in the moon for me. You are doing wonderfully.
附加记录：    

Neutralization Event 1640-A:  On 4/██/20██, control noticed a deviation in SCP-1640's flight path. It appeared to have manually diverted from its standard orbit, and had begun to fall towards the lunar surface. Personnel were unable to prevent SCP-1640's crash-landing and destruction. Upon observation of the crash site, all plant life had lost their anomalous properties, and began to display effects typical of exposure to vacuum and high temperature. No further radio signals were transferred from SCP-1640, leading to its classification of Neutralized.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 01:16
            
            Edit
+104)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Beaders Resource Guide
                      
              A place for those who love to bead.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Sandbox
                      
              RSC için Sandbox
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ಕನ್ನಡನುಡಿ
                      
              ಕನ್ನಡ ಸಾಹಿತ್ಯಾಸಕ್ತರ ಕೂಟ
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hearts of Randomnautica Wiki
                      
              An interesting realm
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

