                        

Item #:  SCP-1323

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Baseline containment of access points to SCP-1323 consists of passive monitoring of nearby communities in order to identify solicitations for contributions to SCP-1323's contests. Solicitations typically appear approximately 7-10 weeks prior to each access point's activation in the form of large parchment or vellum notices glued onto the sides of various buildings. Once a solicitation has been identified, D-class with relevant skills are to be selected and provided appropriate materials to create an entry for each competition. Entries are to be delivered to the access point immediately once they have been completed, and no later than 10 days prior to the activation of the access point.

Active containment is only necessary once an access point activates, and consists of erecting security checkpoints immediately outside the access point under the guise of  which is to contain a miniature GPS tracker, wireless camera, microphone and transmitter. Attempts to fully prevent civilians from entering SCP-1323 have resulted in individuals spontaneously appearing in SCP-1323, usually escorted by an employee of SCP-1323.

Description:  SCP-1323 denotes both an anomalous region of space that can only be accessed from one of four access points located in the British counties of [REDACTED] and the event that occurs within this region. The interior of SCP-1323 resembles a large open field, with permanently cloudy or overcast skies. Travel in any direction will result in a return to the main activity space. Each access point is active for 7-12 consecutive days at some point during the months of October and November. Only one access point is active at any given time. Each access point is located no more than 1.5km from the closest SCP-2952 terminal.

Located in this field is a fairground, consisting of an exhibition hall, a livestock pavilion, and a sideshow. Interspersed throughout the fairgrounds are a variety of information and ticket kiosks, food stalls, and wandering entertainers. All buildings appear to be made of heavily weathered and cracked granite blocks, and non-permanent structures such as game stalls are typically constructed of aged wood, threadbare cloth, and lightly corroded non-ferrous metals.

The exhibition hall contains a large array of entries into various judging competitions. All entries are homemade and categories have included quilts, jams and jellies, photography (with separate categories for black and white, color, and Kirlian), swords and daggers, gemstone statuary, watercolor paintings, embroidery, and musical instruments. The top three winners in each category will have a leather sack1 appear within their primary residence coinciding with the deactivation of the applicable access point. Each sack contains 13 coins composed of a pure metal, weighing 1 pound (0.4536kg) each, with the first place winner receiving gold coins, the second place winner receiving silver coins, and the third place winner receiving copper coins.

Entrants in any category receive  areas. Surveillance recorded from D-class personnel reveal that this restricted area appears to be underground, with earthen walls and ceilings. Although entrants are generally confined to large rooms, D-class have previously been able to access other areas, which appear to be a complex system of passageways whose layout is topologically inconsistent. Fairground employees can occasionally be seen moving through these passages, although they will uniformly escort non-employees back to the original chamber if seen.

The livestock pavilion is separated into quarters, each containing a different category of animal. These are bovines (various breeds of cattle), equines (various breeds of horses and unicorns), canines (various breeds of hunting dogs and wolves), and porcines (pigs, hogs and boars). In addition to the judged competitions for best example of each animal category, there are irregular exhibition demonstrations involving the animals, such as trick riding, obstacle courses, and death matches.

The sideshow consists of a variety of games, rides, and attractions. These include standard attractions such as ring-toss, bobbing for apples, skee-ball, carousels, ferris wheels and mirror mazes, as well as anomalous attractions such as shooting ranges3. Participation in any of these requires from 1 to 15 tickets.

The food stalls sell typical fair food, such as roasted poultry legs, deep-fried sweets (ice cream, snack cakes, chocolate sandwich cookies, and ambrosia have all been previously identified), candy floss, caramel apples, beer, and lemonade. Prices range from 5-10 tickets. Approximately 17% of all patrons known to have ingested these foodstuffs fail to leave SCP-1323 before the local access point deactivates, and have been later identified as fair employees.
The information kiosks provide maps of the fairgrounds, program schedules, and sell the tickets that are used throughout the fair. Ticket prices are constant across appearances of SCP-1323 and consist of the following:

1 ticket
a joyful laugh and a sorrowful tear

5 tickets
a cherished memory

10 tickets
a year and a day

25 tickets
a lost love

100 tickets
a favor

Civilians and Foundation personnel who purchase tickets will display a variety of mental, emotional, and behavioral abnormalities for up to 7 years, and frequently report a compulsion or sense of foreboding if they are prevented from following any unusual or abnormal impulses during that time.

Fairground employees are all dressed in clothing and costumes consistent with styles from the early 20th century. The behavior and terminology of the employees is strongly reminiscent of stereotypical carnival barkers from that same time period. Only 37% of employees appear to be human, while the remainder are anomalous humanoids. Their morphology varies considerably from individual to individual, including heights ranging from approximately 75-215 has ever been located despite repeated requests for interviews and exploration of restricted areas.

Any aggressive actions taken towards the employees, other patrons, fairground structures, or contest entries result in the rapid appearance4 of large, muscular entities who eject the offending individual from the active access point. Individuals so ejected are unable to enter any access point in the future, and typically display minor cosmetic changes such as unnatural skin pigmentation changes, rapid cartilage growth of the face and head, and increased body hair growth rate. These cosmetic changes are permanent, and will rapidly restore themselves if surgically corrected.

Due to the overlapping time frames that SCP-1323 and SCP-2523 can be accessed, as well as the demeanors of the respective proprietors, a connection has been hypothesized. Inquiries regarding SCP-2523 have resulted in the aforementioned large entities appearing and demanding a cessation of this line of questioning. Failure to comply has resulted in permanent ejection, similar to threatening fairground staff.

Footnotes
1. DNA analysis of the leather matches Bos taurus.
2. The targets are small live humanoids, labelled as  by the game stall employees.
3. All D-class who have tried this type of game have had their weights immediately and radically altered to match that guessed, regardless of the degree of the mass change.
4. Longest recorded response time was 2.6 seconds

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            11 Sep 2018 16:20
            
            Edit
+183)
Tags
Discuss (53)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Prämien teilen
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Alapítvány
                      
              Magyarnyelvű ágazat
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Estudiantes de economía de la uned
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox Wędrowca
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

