                        

Item #:  SCP-2430

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2430 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. Tissue samples extracted from SCP-2430 are to be disposed of after analysis via incineration of said samples.

Description:  SCP-2430 is a humanoid entity with a physical appearance identical to the late Adolf Hitler (1889 – 1945), measuring at 173kg in mass. Its internal body systems are consistent with those of non-anomalous humans, although its organs are functionless. SCP-2430's physical state deviates from non-anomalous humans in the following aspects:

DNA analysis indicates that SCP-2430's genetic makeup is derived from a combination of Sus scrofa (wild boar) and Capra aegagrus hircus (domestic goat). Furthermore, SCP-2430's skeletal system is identified to be an amalgamation of bones from eight different individuals. The identities of these individuals are unknown.
Brain matter is composed of a mixture from a specimen of S. scrofa and C. aegagrus hircus.
No requirement for food, water or air, despite the presence of a digestive and respiratory system.
Modifications to its nervous system such that pain sensitivity is heightened.
Lack of hair follicles; instead, synthetic hair strands have been attached onto SCP-2430's head and face such that they resemble the late Hitler's hair and mustache.
Inability to produce speech.
Traces of potassium cyanide and lead fragments identified in SCP-2430's bloodstream and subcutis respectively.

SCP-2430's anomalous quality is its capacity to regenerate muscle and skin tissues, allowing it to recover from injuries and regrow organs (e.g. heart and lungs) that had been removed from its body. Wounds and incisions on SCP-2430's body will regenerate within three days after causation, while organ regeneration requires up to two weeks; see Document 2430-Ä for a complete list of organ regeneration rates.

However, SCP-2430's regenerative capacity does not encompass damages to its skeletal system and healing rate of bone fractures is similar to that of non-anomalous humans. Tissue samples extracted from SCP-2430 do not possess this regenerative capacity.

SCP-2430 was recovered in Buenos Aires, Argentina on ██/██/1960 in the residence of the late █████ ████████, who is associated with OBSKURA.1 Initially discovered by Mossad agents who had captured ████████, SCP-2430 was extradited to the Foundation upon discovery of its anomalous properties and Mossad agents' inability to terminate SCP-2430.

Addendum 2430-1:  The following note was found in the residence of █████ ████████, translated from German.

We have managed to rescue the Führer and bring him to safety. But he is effectively dead on the inside. I blame the Reds for their inhumane treatment of the Führer, who may have been bewitched by the Reds' wunderwaffe. I wish we could mercy kill him, but we've tried everything. He just won't perish. Don't abandon him; he's too distinct in plain sight.
附加记录：    

Addendum 2430-2:  The following notes were recovered from GRU Division  Headquarters after the organisation's collapse in 1991, which were the organisation's only surviving documentation on SCP-2430. All of which have been translated from Russian.

01.XII.1943: Among the items of interest recovered from the Obskurakorps sub-camp in Janowska, they include about a hundred pieces of the flesh of Sæhrímnir with human skeletons embedded in each of them. They are humanoid-shaped and can regrow any piece cut from them, so long there is the skeleton. Essentially, they are effectively machines coated in meat.
附加记录：    

13.VI.1945: Regarding application of the flesh of Sæhrímnir, Comrade Stalin has personally reviewed and rejected the proposed Project Einherjar. Instead, Comrade Stalin has proposed and approved an alternative – Project Judecca.
附加记录：    

28.VII.1947: Comrade Stalin has personally reviewed the prototypes. Their inability to perceive pain will not do; it is not in line with the goals of Project Judecca.
附加记录：    

24.II.1948: Escort the Uralic flesh-crafters2 to Moscow HQ. They are commissioned to assist in Project Judecca, abiding by Comrade Stalin's specifications. On the behalf of the Union and the Soviet people, the right to claim true victory and justice over Hitler shall be realised.
附加记录：    

17.IV.1950: In exchange for their cooperation in Project Judecca, 4000kg of the flesh of Sæhrímnir will be presented to a representative of the Uralic flesh-crafters. In other news, Comrade Stalin wishes to initiate a private trial against Hitler.
附加记录：    

09.V.1951: It is Victory Day. Comrade Stalin will be gracing Hitler's cage after attending the parade. This year, he requests to witness the Rite of Nyúz again.3 Interrogators, please see to it.
附加记录：    

06.V.1953: Comrade Stalin is dead. We have no need to keep Hitler here. No point in wasting bullets on him, he does not die. Just bury him discreetly. He's a waste of the flesh of Sæhrímnir.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
SCP-3878.
a group of Sarkicists of unknown denomination. The adjective 'Uralic' is suggestive of the primitivism which is typical of Proto-Sarkicism, whereas supposed ties with the higher echelons of the Soviet Communist Party matches with the modus operandi of typical Neo-Sarkic cults.
3. Supplementary documents suggest that the , and comparable to the Chinese lingchi (often translated as death by a thousand cuts , the lingering death , or slow slicing ).

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            11 Apr 2018 19:45
            
            Edit
+154)
Tags
Discuss (55)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            UTAU Wiki 2.0
                      
              Wiki for the UTAU voice synthesis software.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            VyprMedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUA SLIS Comps Study Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Learn Java!
                      
              No... its not coffee.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

