                        

SCP-2876 splash screen.

Item #:  SCP-2876

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All known sources of SCP-2876 have been suppressed by Mobile Task Force Mu-4 (). Mobile devices connected to global and private internet servers are to be regularly scanned and purged of any detected instances of SCP-2876. Medical reports of somnambulism and unusual physical degeneration are to be analysed for signs of SCP-2876 activity. Subjects who have been affected by SCP-2876 are to be issued Class-C amnestics.

One device containing SCP-2876 is to be held in a deactivated state within Site-64 for future activity.

Description:  SCP-2876 is a smartphone application titled  and allows users to purchase customized dreams and microdreams.

The application interface for SCP-2876 consists of a text box allowing the user to request a custom dream. They can also select a length of time for the dream, ranging from a microsecond to 72 hours. Once the purchase is complete, a message will then appear reading  The subject will then immediately lapse into REM sleep.

Analytical metadata recovered during containment shows that most of SCP-2876's users average between thirty minutes to an hour of usage at a time, with a small percentage of users utilizing it for the maximum amount of time. Users will describe any dreams they experience as being lucid and relatively accurate to their requests. In addition, subjects report being able to purchase additional dream time while asleep through in-dream menus that appear on command.

Review of SCP-2876 on [REDACTED] app store.

During this time, they are unusually resistant to being awoken and their heart ceases to beat, although other bodily functions continue as normal. SCP-2876-affected subjects utilizing it for longer than one hour will enter a somnambulatory state. Any mechanisms that an affected subject interacts with while in this state will function even if they are not powered. Examples of this activity include:

Microwave ovens cooking food despite not being powered.
Motor vehicles operating without the engine running, even running if the battery, engine, ignition and steering column were removed.
Local area networks will show inactive network-enabled devices accessing hundreds of websites at a time. Testing has shown that there is no upward limit on how long subjects are able to utilize battery-powered devices in this manner.
Subjects are able to navigate any darkened area as though it were lit if inactive lighting fixtures are present.

As users of SCP-2876 are frequently engaged in intense physical activities, they do not receive most of the restorative effects of sleep, and will frequently reactivate the application in the hope of getting rest. In addition to these regularly observed behaviors, there are several distinct groupings of SCP-2876 which appear in subjects regularly using long-term SCP-2876. These have been divided by research into four general categories.

Behavioral groups observed in sleepwalking SCP-2876 subjects.

Pattern I, 
Pattern I subjects appear to primarily observe their environment, seeking out mundane objects such as waste bins and street signs. They will attempt to document them through any means available to them. Any markings made on the subjects' body will be removed once they cease to be under SCP-2876's effect.

Pattern II, 
Exposing themselves to extreme temperatures, weather, depths and heights, Pattern II subjects focus on sensory excitement. In the short term, subjects may stand in front of opened iceboxes or attempt to touch hot irons. If given time and the opportunity, they will deliberately expose themselves to extreme and dangerous weather patterns such as blizzards or heat waves. They may also spend copious amounts of time running showers with hot and cold water.

Pattern III, 
Pattern III subjects behave in a thrill-seeking manner, frequently placing themselves in deliberately dangerous situations. However this type of behavior goes against SCP-2876's documented TOS agreement and will cause the dream to be voided, usually resulting in early termination of the sleep cycle. Occasionally, subsequent resting may involve nightmares about grinding in some form.

Pattern IV, 
Pattern IV subjects will attempt to eat massive quantities of food in great diversity, usually eating all foodstuffs in the subjects' possession and in longer dream transactions attempting to purchase large quantities of food from local sellers. In addition, these subjects frequently attempt to place anything they can see in their mouths. Subjects are reimbursed for any expenses and purchases during their time utilizing SCP-2876.

If a subject is killed or otherwise seriously injured during their time using SCP-2876, it will delete itself from any devices in the subject's possession. Surviving subjects show no memory of SCP-2876 and will rationalize their behavior if confronted, usually attributing it to drugs and alcohol. All other subjects who have used SCP-2876 will wake up in possession of a business card reading 

Addendum:  On 01/02/2016, SCP-2876 received the first update documented during containment. Included with this document, it changed minor aspects of the user interface while also implying other functionalities of the application.

HEAD-SPACE VERSION and GROUND-SPACE VERSION 8.6.7.5.3.0.9

Improved review system, with sections for body feel, ectoplasmic congruence and accessibility
Automatic host tracking and alerts for body availability
Better filtering of intent from dream entities inquiring on availability
General fixes and dithering about

附加记录：    

Any references to a parallel application for incorporeal entities indicated through patch notes included with the revision were taken out in subsequent updates. Further investigation by Foundation agents is ongoing.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sleep
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Mar 2019 03:41
            
            Edit
+189)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Echo Bazaar
                      
              Come to Fallen London
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            wikihandball
                      
              La wiki de Mundohandball.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sven Co-op Map Database
                      
              SCMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            World History/Physical Geo.
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

