                        

Archivist's Note:  The following document is maintained for historical purposes only. For an up-to-date copy of this document appropriate for your security clearance, please contact your AAC/HMC Liaison.
附加记录：    

This document has been ratified by the leading members of the American Secure Containment Initiative, His Majesty's Foundation for the Secure Containment of the Paranormal, the Holy Emperor's Council on Unearthly Matters, and the Tsar's Seers on July 9, 1915, as one of the first documents of the SCP Foundation, a new organization formed from the aforementioned organizations in order to better perform the functions of Securing that which cannot yet be understood, Containing that which would threaten the public's perception of normality, and Protecting the public from threats preternatural or otherwise not yet understood.

Item Number:  SCP-2237

Classification:  Euclid (Moderate Containment Difficulty)

Procedures for Containment:  The object in question is to be guarded at all times by armed personnel stationed along a fortified barrier surrounding the object. The true nature of the object and all artifacts retrieved from within is to remain classified to those without the highest level of security clearance within our respective organizations until such time as a singular security clearance system is implemented. The armed personnel must be citizens of the British Empire versed in that Empire's military customs; likewise, all armaments must be of British manufacture and the cover story given to civilians approaching the item is to be that of a high-security British military facility within the Hafiyan sub-territory. In the event of a hostile takeover, all ally organizations to His Majesty's Foundation SCP are to engage in whatever military actions necessary to re-acquire the object and surrounding facilities, re-staffing the fortifications with personnel from the organization's respective home country if necessary.

These Procedures for Containment are hereby ratified on July 9, 1915

Object Description:  SCP-2237 is the buried remains of a city of unknown origins located in the Hafiyan Desert in Northern Africa. SCP-2237 came to the attention of the HMFSCP during the British Empire's conquest of the region in the 1890s. It is believed that its isolation has contributed to the lack of knowledge on the Hafiyan natives' part of SCP-2237.

The object was determined to require containment upon discovery of several forms of technology not yet available to the general populace. Technology recovered includes, but is not limited to, weapons projecting an undetermined form of energy (presumably collected from the ether), consoles capable of displaying moving images with no apparent projector or reel of film, alloys used in the construction of buildings that surpass even the most advanced of today's forges and building techniques in strength and height, automated recording systems that also do not utilize film, and incorporeal automata capable of speech. The majority of structures have either been demolished or otherwise destroyed by the passage of time.

Physical records and records accessible by consoles in a building near the center of the city (believed to be the city library) are written in multiple languages, ranging from Sumerian cuneiform, Egyptian hieroglyphs, various forms of Latin, various forms of Japanese, various forms of Chinese, modern English, modern Russian, and modern French. These records contain references to the American Secure Containment Initiative, His Majesty's Foundation for the Secure Containment of the Paranormal, the Tsar's Seers, and the Holy Emperor's Council on Unearthly Matters, necessitating their contact by the HMFSCP.

At the center of the city, there is a sculpture of abstract design (believed to have served as a monument) that bears the following inscription in four separate languages: modern English, modern French, modern Russian, and modern Japanese:

The meaning of this inscription is not yet known. Analysis of records from within the city is ongoing.

For further information regarding Document 2237 Alfa.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

Fred was ejected from his latest refuge by its current occupants with some degree of force, and landed here, in this strange, dizzying place.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Apr 2020 02:50
            
            Edit
+166)
Tags
Discuss (70)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

