                        

Photograph of SCP-2429 entities

Item #:  SCP-2429

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2429 is allowed to operate as normal. Foundation operatives are to be covertly placed around SCP-2429 at all times. All entrances to SCP-2429-1 should be obstructed by wooden boards and display an  sign. Should any person without proper clearance enter SCP-2429-1 for any reason other than approved testing, it is to be considered a breach of containment. Any person who enters and exits SCP-2429-1 without proper clearance is to be administered a Class-A amnestic as soon as possible. Any person displaying obvious behavior typical of being affected by the anomalous properties of SCP-2429 is to be administered a Class-A amnestic as soon as possible.

Description:  SCP-2429 is The ████████ Zoo located in ████████, Texas. The zoo is, for all intents and purposes, a normal zoo. All staff and guests interact with the zoo as would be expected and no anomalous properties are immediately noticeable. The anomalous properties of SCP-2429 manifest only after entering and exiting a bathroom on the far east side of the zoo, hereafter referred to as SCP-2429-1. Upon entering and exiting SCP-2429-1 all of the animals contained within SCP-2429 appear as nude humans. This appearance manifests only for those who have entered and exited SCP-2429-1 and has no effect on other observers. The humans continue to exhibit behaviors typical of whatever animal would normally be in their enclosure, including crawling on all fours, eating raw meat or plant matter, animalistic vocalizations, and so on. The effects of SCP-2429-1 seem to be localized to SCP-2429 and do not effect animals elsewhere. Birds, rodents, or other animals that enter SCP-2429 still appear as they normally would even to those who have passed through SCP-2429-1.

Many entities within SCP-2429 appear as normal human beings of various gender and skin tone. However, those representing animals vastly different from human proportion appear to have been surgically modified to more closely resemble the animal they represent. These modifications include, but are not limited to, lengthened arms and legs, lengthened spinal cord and torso, and skulls shaped to resemble snouts. Those affected by SCP-2429 typically react in shock and horror to the confusion of those unaffected around them. The effects of SCP-2429-1 appear to be permanent but can be remedied with the use of Class-A amnestics.

SCP-2429 entities do not seem to hold human levels of intelligence and all attempts to interact with or interview said entities have proven fruitless. Foundation researchers conducted a more thorough inspection after passing through SCP-2429-1 and concluded that the SCP-2429 entities in their human form have shown adapted skeletal structure typical of people walking on all fours. Those that have been surgically modified often have inflamed or infected stitching and in some cases stitches have partially broken leading to severe open wounds.

Photographs and video recordings of SCP-2429 entities appear as normal animals except to those who have entered and exited SCP-2429-1. This is true even of photographs and video recordings taken before any individual person had exited SCP-2429-1.

After an intensive Foundation-lead investigation it has been determined that all staff and corporate entities related to SCP-2429 hold no responsibility for the anomalous nature of SCP-2429. It should be noted however, that the current owner and manager of SCP-2429 was aware that  Though, these superstitions are unfounded and likely originate from the dilapidated appearance of SCP-2429-1. The previous owner of SCP-2429 was operating under an alias and his whereabouts are currently unknown.

The barriers to the entrances of SCP-2429-1 seem to have been effective in keeping most out, and an employee only area had eventually been constructed around SCP-2429-1 preventing any guests from potentially finding their way into SCP-2429-1 explaining how SCP-2429 evaded Foundation attention for so long. SCP-2429 was first brought to the Foundation's attention in 2010 through a twitter post by user @██████████ who was later determined to be Robert ██████ of ████████, Texas. Robert was a maintenance crew member on staff at SCP-2429 and decided to investigate SCP-2429-1. Upon viewing the anomaly of SCP-2429 he captured a video with his mobile phone obviously panicked and disturbed repeatedly asking aloud  Foundation agents operating within Twitter moderation staff were able to quickly delete the post and trace Robert's location. It was at first suspected that Robert may have simply been suffering from a mental illness until a short interview and investigation alerted Foundation agents to SCP-2429. Class-A amnestics were administered to Robert before any major incident occurred.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  scp2429r.jpg

Name:  Dallas Zoo Zebra.jpg

Author:  Kevin1086

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Sep 2020 05:19
            
            Edit
+81)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Philippines        #tagcoding
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            InfiniteMac Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Alfamedia
                      
              Alfabetización mediática para educadores
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eat-Drink-Man-Woman
                      
              A hang-out place to relax and chit-chat about food and boy-girl stuff...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

