                        

Item #:  SCP-2309

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  In order to prevent unauthorized access, the area surrounding SCP-2309 has been enclosed by a chain-link fence and given the public designation of a proving ground used by the Georgian Land Forces. A team of observers is to be stationed at SCP-2309 at all times to regularly report on the structural condition of SCP-2309. Any breach in SCP-2309 is to be reported immediately and considered a potential SK-Class dominance shift scenario. Upon receiving such a report, Foundation military assets stationed in the Middle East are to be activated and deployed according to Contingency Plan-2309, to assess the situation, and, if applicable, engage any hostile forces that appear.

Description:  SCP-2309 is an approximately 20mm/s, such that all of the lost material will have been regenerated before the next period of deterioration.

Foundation historians believe that SCP-2309 was constructed during the 6th century BCE, under the sponsorship of Cyrus the Great, founder of the Achaemenid Empire. The historical existence of SCP-2309 has been attested by various written sources dating from as early as the 1st century CE1; publicly-accessible versions of these sources have been modified accordingly to obscure the existence and location of SCP-2309. Of particular interest among these sources is the following first-hand account of SCP-2309, given by Sallam at-Turjumani, an official serving in the court of caliph al-Wathiq of the Abbasid Dynasty, during the early 9th century CE.

Open1908.99.58)

Close1908.99.58)

After the caliph reported a dream in which he saw the Iron Wall of Dhul-Qarnayn4 who told me that he had seen the Iron Wall, and that it still stood. I then offered him twenty dinars to lead me to the Iron Wall, and without comment he led me further northward, to a pass between the mountains of ███████ and ████. There I beheld the Iron Wall, and to the relief of both the caliph and myself, I found that the Iron Wall still stood, and that Dhul-Qarnayn's construction equipment remained intact, scattered about the site.

What I found strange, however, was that I could see the scratches made by Yajuj and Majuj on the Iron Wall, but I could not see Yajuj and Majuj themselves. When I expressed my confusion to the Magian, he told me that the people of Yajuj and Majuj lie hidden beyond the Iron Wall. He then placed his hand on my shoulder, at which point I saw the horde of Yajuj and Majuj streaming towards us as they tore at the Iron Wall. They were as gruesome as I had imagined, for their nakedness was not even hidden by skin, and their hands ended not in nails, but vicious rending claws.

Behind the horde of Yajuj and Majuj, I saw only devastation: every tree and plant had been uprooted, and the only beasts that survived their onslaught were flies, maggots, and roaches. Examining the disposition of the forces of Yajuj and Majuj more closely, I saw two masked men, cloaked in red robes like those of Roman bishops, presiding over the horde from atop flesh-crafted towers. Before them stood a massive, four-legged beast that was larger than five elephants and had only a bony plate for a face. Raising their staves towards the air, they guided the beast as a performer might guide a puppet. Responding to their every gesture, the beast began to charge toward the Iron Wall, trampling underfoot the Yajuj and Majuj that strayed into its path, before its head slammed into the Iron Wall, which emerged largely unscathed.

I questioned the Magian as to why Yajuj and Majuj continued this futile effort to penetrate the Iron Wall, when they could have undermined it or built a scaffold. He replied that where Yajuj and Majuj stood, the ground was harder than Damascus steel and the ceiling of heaven was exactly at the height of the Iron Wall, so that even the most insignificant insect could not fly over it. I told the Magian that I had seen enough, and he removed his hand from my shoulder. As Yajuj and Majuj disappeared from my sight, he told me that the caliph and the rulers of every civilized land must heed the threat of Yajuj and Majuj. Sometimes I question whether my vision was a sign from Allah or a Magian trick, but I am inclined to believe that I was not deceived, for Allah is Knowing and Seeing, and I saw only what had already been revealed.
附加记录：    

Foundation archeologists began excavations of the area surrounding SCP-2309 in 1992. Among the articles of interest discovered were:

A cache of approximately one thousand Lydian coins.
A large number of iron and bronze fragments from Achaemenid weapons and armor.
A collection of gears and other machine parts, probably used in the construction of SCP-2309. Many are stamped with the seals of the Mekhanite temple-cults of the Ionian city-states.
A mass grave containing skeletons with humanoid body structures largely similar to those of baseline Homo sapiens sapiens, deviating from the baseline in that their skulls largely consist of a vertically aligned pair of sharp jaws, and that their fingers end with bony claws. These specimens have been noted to resemble captured instances of SK-BIO Type B.
A large clay cylinder, containing the following record, written in Old Persian, of the construction of SCP-2309 and the circumstances in which it took place.

Open1994.23.87)

Close1994.23.87)

All civilized men praise Cyrus, beloved of Ahura Mazda11 until the end of time.
附加记录：    

Because of the eschatological significance assigned to SCP-2309, and the existence of written and archeological evidence suggesting that SCP-2309 was constructed as a barrier against Sarkic armies, it is believed that the breach of SCP-2309, if and when it should take place, may constitute an SK-Class dominance shift scenario. Historical and esoteric research regarding the nature of the threat posed by SCP-2309 and possible improvements to its containment is ongoing.

Footnotes
1. See The Jewish War, Unabridged by Josephus (Department of Antiquities: 1911.86.98).
2. Lit.  Dhul-Qarnayn was a legendary ruler described in the Qur'an as having built an iron wall, which was likely a reference to the construction of SCP-2309 by Cyrus the Great, who was frequently shown wearing a horned headpiece in artistic depictions.
3. Referred to in the Judaeo-Christian tradition as Gog and Magog. In Islam, Yajuj and Majuj are peoples who will invade the world during the end times.
4. Islamic term for Zoroastrians. Possibly referring to a Mekhanite in this context, as many medieval Islamic sources conflate the dualistic aspects of the Mekhanite and Zoroastrian faiths.
5. Creator deity and object of worship in Zoroastrianism.
6. Old Persian rendition of Adí-üm, also known as Adytum, capital of the Sarkic Empire.
7. Corruption of the word karcist, the title of spiritual and secular leaders of the Sarkic Empire and its successor states.
8. Zoroastrian term referring to false gods, or hostile supernatural entities.
9. Spirit of evil opposed by Ahura Mazda in Zoroastrianism, which in this context is likely referring to Yaldabaoth, the deity worshiped by the Sarkic cults.
10. Elite soldiers of the Achaemenid Empire, referred to as Immortals by Greek sources.
11. Zoroastrian concept that can refer to falsehood, disorder, or non-existence.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                structure
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 13:28
            
            Edit
+198)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Masonic
                      
              A Freemasons Compendium
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AckySHINE MiniSites | Best of 2020
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Rhyes of Wiki
                      
              Wiki for Rhyes mods and general awesomeness
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC機構
                      
              研究、保護、収容
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

