                        

Item #:  SCP-2287

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2287 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site ██. Except for during authorized testing, SCP-2287's mask is not to be removed. SCP-2287 does not require food, but can be provided with incense on its request, contingent on good behavior. Literature provided to SCP-2287 is to be converted into Braille.

Description:  SCP-2287 is a headless humanoid white male who manifests multiple anomalous properties; primary among these is that it is able to function as a living being despite lacking a head. The words  radiographic examination has shown that the neck stump has only the bottom four cervical vertebrae, but there are no signs of spinal damage.

The head-based functions which SCP-2287 is able to emulate include thought, hearing, and smell. It is able to speak, but has not demonstrated the ability to replicate the normal tonalities of a human voice; as well, it claims to be blind. It does not eat or breathe, and has claimed that its energy source may be  (see interview log 2287-41-B).

Direct visual observation of SCP-2287's headlessness is not possible; individuals who attempt to observe this will instead perceive headless versions of themselves, as seen from SCP-2287's perspective. Such individuals describe feeling  no individuals who have undergone cataract surgery have as yet been available for testing.

Motion detectors and similar monitoring equipment similarly show SCP-2287 to be headless; despite this, SCP-2287 is capable of performing tasks which would require a head, such as wearing items of headgear, including masks, hats, scarves, headphones, noseplugs, earplugs, earrings, eyeglasses, lipstick, and barrettes. (For a full list of items, see document 2287-N12)

SCP-2287 was discovered in ██████, Wisconsin, on November 24th, 20██, after a significant number of reports from citizens appeared describing the anomalous effects of SCP-2287. Witnesses were given amnestic treatment, and SCP-2287 was contained without issue.

+2287-5

-Granted

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Howard:  Good evening, SCP-2287.

SCP-2287:  Hey, Dr. Howard. What's up  more hearing experiments?

Dr. Howard:  No, actually, tonight this is more of an interview. For instance, we were wondering what you could tell us about Doctor Wondertainment.

SCP-2287:  Oh. Uh, okay, I'll tell you what I can, but I never actually saw her, you know. What with the whole blind thing.

Dr. Howard:  But you did interact with her?

SCP-2287:  

Dr. Howard:  Wait, wait. First you said 'her', then you said 'he'?

SCP-2287:   what?

Dr. Howard:  First you referred to Doctor Wondertainment as a woman, then as a man.

SCP-2287:  I Doctor Wondertainment as an actual person? What are you talking about? You're confusing me.

Dr. Howard:  But you just said  no, I'm sorry, I must have misheard. My bad.

SCP-2287:  Well, okay. For a minute there, you were making zero sense at all. And they call me headless, ha!

Dr. Howard:   Well, uh, when you work for the Foundation for long enough, you discover many situations that don't entirely make sense. You did say, though, that Wondertainment had intended something specific for you?

SCP-2287:  Oh, yes. Right. Well, basically, you know how during the holidays, there's special holiday-themed products?

Dr. Howard:  Yes

SCP-2287:  So basically, I'm a Halloween special. You follow?

Dr. Howard:  That's it?

SCP-2287:  Yep. The way I heard it, they were originally gonna do Sweetie for Halloween, but the whole deal. Doctor Wondertainment's Mister Headless, spooky Halloween fun for the whole family!

Dr. Howard:  I see. And are you? , I mean?

SCP-2287:  Well that's enough for me. Or it was, anyway, until you people got hold of me. Could be worse, I guess.

Dr. Howard:  Did you enjoy entertaining? Do you miss it?

SCP-2287:  Yeah, for sure. I mean, yeah, it could get a bit boring when I'd have to stand around, sit around, waiting for people to show up, but it was really great hearing everyone's reaction, on Halloween no less. It's funny how people only find scary stuff funny one night a year, you know? No matter how many times you live through a year, they only change their minds on Halloween.

Dr. Howard:  Are you the only

SCP-2287:  Hey, you can say , I don't mind. It's what I am.

Dr. Howard:  I suppose. It just well, it sounds vaguely infantilizing to me.

SCP-2287:  It's what Doctor Wondertainment said we were called, so it's what we're called. But yeah, I'm the only holiday-themed Little Mister. At first, Doctor Wondertainment was planning on having more of us  but she never did anything with any of them. Just me.

Dr. Howard:  How do you feel about that?

SCP-2287:  Never really thought about it, to be honest. I guess maybe he decided I'd be more interesting if I was the only one? Or maybe he just changed his mind about doing holiday stuff. He changes his mind a lot, you know. What you get when there's a whole bunch of corporate jerks all making decisions against each other. That's why I'm Mister Headless, spooky Halloween fun for the whole family!, instead of Mister Halloween.

Dr. Howard:  Do you see yourself as scary?

SCP-2287:  I see myself as someone who brings surprise and excitement. When they get scared, that means I'm doing a good job. Although, well, it's been getting harder lately: the Doctor's a one-man operation, and she doesn't realize  how many kids wear glasses these days, and whenever I live through a year like this, with cameras and stuff like that, the effect is pretty much ruined. I mean, yes, I'm still scary Mister Headless, spooky Halloween fun for the whole family!, but it doesn't seem to be as much fun for the people when they don't get to be headless with me.

Dr. Howard:  Where we found you, back in Wisconsin, could you tell us what you were doing there?

SCP-2287:  Where you found me? Well, I spent a few years there with this family  I felt around everywhere, but all the furniture and stuff was all gone, too. Maybe they moved and forgot me?

Dr. Howard:  And that's what led to you wandering the city streets?

SCP-2287:  Yeah. I waited around for a few weeks, and then some people opened the door to the front porch, where the candy bowl usually is? And they came in  what's it called, metal thing, you hold it in your hand and it makes a sort of pop noise and it smells all chemical, and then people get hurt?

Dr. Howard:   a gun?

SCP-2287:  Okay. One of them had a gun, which I only found out when I walked up to her and tried to feel her face  and again, this is the bad screaming. But then I remembered there's usually a park close to the house, and I hoped that if I went there, with bushes and stuff that I could hide in, I could at least stay out of trouble. So I made it there, and I remember thinking maybe if I could get back to Doctor Wondertainment, she could fix things, help that guy from the house not be dead, figure out what went wrong, where the family went, or get somebody new to take me? And, uh, that's pretty much where you guys found me. She didn't send you, did she?

Dr. Howard:  Ah, no, we intercepted some police reports.

SCP-2287:  Oh.

Dr. Howard:  Tell me, why didn't you go back into the house? Into the attic?

SCP-2287:  Um. This is kind of embarrassing. I kind of when I was out in the street, with all the cars? I kind of got turned around a bit. Lost my bearings. I'm not used to being out in places that are bigger than just a house and a yard! I probably could've found the house again if there weren't so many screaming people and crashing cars, but, well, I was starting to panic too, so I just went for the place that sounded like there weren't any buildings.

Dr. Howard:  Ah, I see. And why didn't you try to leave sooner?

SCP-2287:  Well, the front door wasn't open before that.

Dr. Howard:  No, I mean, why did you wait so long before you even went downstairs? Before you decided that maybe something was wrong with you having been left alone in the attic for so long?

SCP-2287:  Oh. Well, I guess I didn't really care. I was just thinking. The attic was really quiet, and the smell wasn't too bad. Made it easy to think. That's something I do a lot, you know? While I'm waiting. Not much else to do.

Dr. Howard:  What do you think about?

SCP-2287:  Just things, you know. Things in general. The world, what it might be like, what it's like being me. Nothing specific, I guess.

Dr. Howard:  But for three years?

SCP-2287:  Yeah? Why?

[END LOG] 
附加记录：    

Addendum 2287-1:  SCP-2287 was able to give the following document when asked:

+2287-A

-2933-A

Wow!  You've just found yourself your very own Little Mister, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment!

Find them all and become Mr. Collector!!

01. Mr. Chameleon

02. Mr. Headless ✔

03. Mr. Laugh

04. Mr. Forgetful

05. Mr. Shapey

06. Mr. Soap

07. Mr. Hungry

08. Mr. Brass

09. Mr. Hot

10. Ms. Sweetie

11. Mr. Life and Mr. Death

12. Mr. Fish

13. Mr. Moon

14. Mr. Redd (discontinued)

15. Mr. Money

16. Mr. Lost

Mr. Lie

18. Mr. Mad

19. Mr. Scary

20. Mr. Stripes
附加记录：    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Nov 2020 10:17
            
            Edit
+210)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Data Structures
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My Pride
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sufficiently Advanced
                      
              A Game of the Far Future
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

