                        

Item #:  SCP-4743

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4743 is to be kept in Anomalous Object Hangar #3-C at Site 11. Any exits larger than 15cm across must be kept closed at all times, and any breaches in the exterior must be immediately sealed off using on hand materials until permanent repairs can be completed. Ingress and egress from Hangar #3-C is only permitted via a two-door controlled access vestibule.

SCP-4743 is allowed free movement within the hangar in order to facilitate behavioral observations. Containment specialists may temporarily hold SCP-4743 in a standard shipping container for experimentation, storage, and transport when required. No individual may carry any sharp objects or projectile weapons within the presence of SCP-4743 outside of approved testing.

In addition to standard testing, the HMCL supervisor in charge of SCP-4743 may allow Site 11 residents recreational access to Hangar #3-C at their own discretion.

Description:  SCP-4743 is a collection of approximately 6,000 animate balloons of multiple colours. Though analysis has shown SCP-4743 instances to be comprised of non-anomalous latex, they do not lose volume to gas exchange and are anomalously resistant to puncture. SCP-4743 instances are able to alter their buoyancy through currently unknown means, as well as generate ionic wind by anomalously manipulating electrostatic forces for propulsion.

Despite a lack of apparent sensory mechanisms, SCP-4743 has proven responsive to light, heat, physical contact, electricity, and especially sound. Though individual instances show only rudimentary responses in the form of moving towards or away from stimuli, SCP-4743 possess a significant amount of swarm intelligence.

When left to its own devices, SCP-4743 behaviour most closely resembles a murmuration of starlings, flying around the hangar in a constantly changing pattern. Each balloon responds to the movements of its neighbours, allowing for complex emergent patterns to appear in the aggregate. If music is provided, the murmuration will move in time with the melody. SCP-4743 has also been observed to 'roost' on available surfaces for up to six hours a day.

SCP-4743 displays its most complex interaction with human beings. When one or more individuals enter the hangar, SCP-4743 will typically note their presence immediately. Balloons will float downwards, either individually or in the form of pseudopods, and playfully interact with whoever is present.

Observed interactions include:

Chasing and Fleeing

Tickling

Play-Fighting

Rubbing hair for static electricity generation

Allowing individual instances to be used as sports balls, while providing additional movement for strategic or entertainment value

Forming walls and/or pillars to form a shape-shifting maze

Under rarer and as-of-yet uncertain conditions, SCP-4743 will form into a multitude of shapes and enact a stylized performance. Shapes observed thus far include tigers, zebras, elephants, seals and various humanoids in circus attire. There are however two forms that have appeared with every performance: a female ringmaster and a male with an upside-down face. The latter individual typically does not participate in the performance but watches from a secluded location, most often directing its attention towards research staff.

Addendum A:  It should be noted that while anomalously resilient, SCP-4743 is not indestructible and will evade individuals or objects that pose a threat. During testing, D-5809 was provided with a pellet gun and instructed to pop as many individual balloons as possible.

SCP-4743 showed immediate aversion to the weapon and began flying in evasive patterns. When D-5809 successfully popped one, it produced a high-decibel sound similar to a human scream. At this point, SCP-4743 extended a large pseudopod behind D-5809 and produced a static discharge of sufficient voltage to disarm him. The test was immediately aborted, and no subsequent destructive or antagonistic testing has been authorized.

The popped balloon was recovered for analysis and showed no anomalous properties. It did, however, possess an unusually sweet smell.

Addendum B:  Shortly after initial recovery on 09/14/18 at 15:45 hours, a single balloon floated down towards Junior Researcher Ellis and popped spontaneously, producing a scream, confetti, and a folded piece of paper. The document read as follows:

Obverse

You jerks! It's going to take me all day to replace that many balloons!

I know it's not 'clinical' or whatever, but if there's anything remotely human left in you, at least have some fun with them.

It's what they're meant for.

~ Lolly
附加记录：    

Reverse

P.S. It's traditional to write something creepy on the back of these, so banana slugs.
附加记录：    

The sender of the note is believed to be Person of Interest 233-004, Lil' Lollipop, as SCP-4743 was recovered from an abandoned tent by MTF Kappa-14 .

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                swarm
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Oct 2020 18:09
            
            Edit
+56)
Tags
Discuss (3)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fight Corruption Now
                      
              Fight Corruption NOW Before It Is Too Late
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Retro Legends
                      
              The Definitive Database for Retro Gamers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Samvedna Network
                      
              Collaborative e-learning for children
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

