                        

Item #:  SCP-3777

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3777 is to be confined within Armed Containment Area-67 at all times. Point Ω should not be approached in order to ensure that SCP-3777 remains in Phase α at all times. Should SCP-3777 deviate from its present behavior and attempt to breach the containment perimeter, the Containment Task Force stationed at Area-67 is to immobilize and/or neutralize SCP-3777.

Description:  SCP-3777 is a mobile humanoid automaton approximately 50m in height, which is mostly composed of clay and brass machine parts, some etched with legible inscriptions2 is written. SCP-3777 occupies a ruin north of Ephesus, Turkey, which is believed to have been a 1st century CE Jewish synagogue. SCP-3777 does not display any signs of sapience, but behaves in accordance with a four-phase routine:

During Phase α, SCP-3777 behaves passively, standing at the center of the ruin which it occupies (henceforth designated Point Ω).
During Phase β, SCP-3777 behaves territorially, patrolling in a counterclockwise circle around Point Ω. SCP-3777 will aggressively prevent individuals from approaching Point Ω by attempting to crush such individuals with its feet, but it will not pursue those who are fleeing from the ruin. SCP-3777 will transition from Phase α to Phase β when an individual approaches within 3m of Point Ω.
During Phase γ, SCP-3777 behaves passively, by approaching Point Ω and repeatedly punching directly ahead. Foundation researchers believe that this behavior is intended to damage the ruin, but it is ineffective in doing so due to the ruin's low height and the positioning of SCP-3777's arms. SCP-3777 will transition from Phase β to Phase γ after an hour has elapsed since entering Phase β.
During Phase δ, SCP-3777 behaves erratically, walking in random directions around and across Point Ω. At times, SCP-3777 will strike itself, although it sustains little damage from this behavior. SCP-3777 will transition from Phase γ to Phase δ after five minutes have elapsed since entering Phase γ. After nine hours have elapsed since entering Phase δ, SCP-3777 will return to Phase α.

It is believed by Foundation historians that SCP-3777 was unintentionally created as the result of a localized anomalous conflict between Jewish and Mekhanite5. These sources are reproduced below.

Accessing 

Now in those days the worshipers of Mekhane, who is called the Broken God by some, were strongly persecuting the Jews in Ephesus. In all Ephesus the hand of the Mekhanites was against the Jews, and the Jews of Ephesus dared not appear in the public places lest they suffer the Mekhanites' wrath. Now there was a wise teacher of the Jews named Enoch, who saw the plight of his people, and was greatly displeased. In his displeasure he read from the Book of Creation6, and was inspired. Writing the holy name of the Most High, he made a golem—a man of clay—and bade it protect the synagogue. (Surely the Jewish people exceed even the Mekhanites in such arts!)

Indeed, the golem repulsed the Mekhanites, but they were a stubborn people, and would not relent. Thus the Mekhanites built many constructs—men of brass—and bade them attack the synagogue. At first, the golem was overwhelmed, and the Jews of Ephesus struggled to hold the synagogue, but Enoch was not deterred. Ordering all the scrolls of the synagogue to be brought to him, he cut them apart, wrote the holy name of the Most High a thousand times more, and bade the golem to gather clay from nearby. With this clay Enoch formed another golem, and bade this new golem to do the same as the first. In this manner Enoch then formed 999 more golems to protect the synagogue.

Now the Mekhanites were repulsed once more, but the chief builder among them—a man named Demetrius7, a silversmith—called upon the Mekhanites of all Anatolia and Attica, and the men of brass descended upon Ephesus in the tens of thousands. And so the men of clay and the men of brass fought, and neither side gained the upper hand in battle.

Now on the fifth day of the melee there was a great storm, and torrential rain fell upon the area. The men of clay, still freshly molded, became nothing more than writhing lumps of clay, while the men of brass rusted and became immobile. When the storm had passed, all the Jews and Mekhanites of Ephesus saw that there were no more men of clay or brass, but a colossus of clay and brass. This colossus wreaked such havoc throughout all Ephesus that not even the legions of the emperor could put an end to it. Thus Ephesus was evacuated, and the Jews and Mekhanites of Ephesus were harshly proscribed.
附加记录：    

Accessing 

98  An injunction of Demetrius, chief builder in Ephesus.

8,

9!

4  How feckless must you be, to turn from MEKHANE's light,

5  because you have been defeated by crude men of clay?

6  Behold, see how their creation has turned against them!

7  The responsibility for Ephesus's ruin is theirs, not ours,

8  for we made men of brass with MEKHANE's knowledge,

9  and they made men of clay with the flesh's ignorance.

10  Do they not put faith in acts of sacrifice and mutilation?

11  Surely this is an hour to be firm, yet I will offer mercy,

Sophia has departed from us, and led many astray.

13  Apostates, there will be but one chance for repentance.

14  MEKHANE's righteous wrath shall pause but never cease!

Footnotes
1. Sample inscriptions (translated from Koine Greek) include:

For additional inscriptions, consult the 2017 SCP-3777 Archeological Report (Department of Antiquities: 2017.7.3).

2. The Hebrew letters יהוה‎, which spell the name Yahweh.
Church of the Broken God.
4. Jewish Roman historian of the 1st century CE.
5. Religious text of the Mekhanite faith, which lists groups and individuals who left the Mekhanite faith or advanced teachings considered to be heretical.
6. Or Sefer Yetzirah, an early esoteric Jewish religious text.
7. Probably referring to Demetrius of Ephesus, an Anatolian Mekhanite religious leader who is mentioned in Chapter 19 of Acts of the Apostles.
8. Monotheistic religious group related to Judaism, whose members worshiped the Hypsistos, or 
9. Anatolian god syncretized with Yahweh by the Hypsistarians.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:35
            
            Edit
+90)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wanderers Library Sandbox
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Thymio  Aseba
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AviationKnowledge
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            PEMARF
                      
              Princípios de Evolução Molecular Aplicados à Reconstrução Filogenética
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

