                        

Item #:  SCP-4147

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures : SCP-4147 is to be contained inside four standard lockers on Site 28. Access is to be given only to Senior Research staff and superiors, however, further experimentation of SCP-4147 is pending O5 approval and is currently disallowed. MTF Sigma-3 () is to continue searching the Wanderer's Library for other instances of SCP-4147.

Description:  SCP-4147 is a series of encyclopedias divided into several volumes each. The number of volumes per instance varies. Each instance was published in 1912 by . Each instance of SCP-4147 covers a different language and includes descriptions of numerous mythical creatures and legends unique to the nation whose official language corresponds to the text of the instance. All entries are alphabetized.

There are currently 4 instances of SCP-4147 held by the Foundation, no other instances are confirmed to exist:

SCP-4147-1, English.
SCP-4147-2, Gaelic.
SCP-4147-3, Russian.
SCP-4147-4, Japanese.

The last page of each instance is blank. If an entry following the approved format is written in1, then related superstitions in native speakers of the corresponding language will take root, and the entry will become integrated into the culture of corresponding nationalities. When an instance is closed, the new entry page will be moved to an alphabetized position and a new last page will be created.

Experimentation of SCP-4147 has been suspended by order of O5-3 after an ethics committee report condemning the experiments and describing their collateral damage as  A request for an O5 council referendum by Dr. Mitchel and Dr. Takeda on resuming testing of SCP-4147 has been accepted, and the O5 council is currently reviewing experiment logs.

+A

-content

The objective of this experiment was to test the hypothesis that as well as additions to SCP-4147 instances being retroactive, their memetic effects are neutralized by knowledge of SCP-4147. This would be tested by adding in an entry into an instance tied to the language of one of the research staff, and then interviewing them after  the entry (closing the book). Gaelic being the least spoken of the four languages that each instance of SCP-4147 correspond to, the instance representing it was selected for the experiment to minimize potential collateral damage. Written primarily by Dr. O'Donald, a native Gaelic speaker from County Galway, Ireland, with assistance from her co-researchers, below is a translation of the entry created for the purposes of this experiment.

LEPRECHAUN 

The Shoe Maker

Description:  Leprechauns are fairies known across the world as symbols of Ireland, mischief, and luck. In the modern day they are almost always seen in their iconic apparel, and are popular presences in Irish fairy tales and holidays. Popular legends have Leprechauns mending shoes and protecting their pots of gold hidden at the ends of rainbows, with human beings trying to capture them or steal their hidden gold. Leprechauns have become one of the most recognizable and integral myths of Ireland and Irish culture.

Specific Regions:  Leprechauns have no specific native region, besides Ireland.

Featured in these tales: 

The Leprechaun, or Fairy Shoemaker, by William Allingham

(End of entry)

+Log

-content

Notes:  This interview was conducted immediately after the submitting of the SCP-4147-A experiment entry

 

Dr. Mitchel:  Ok, now that should be shuffled in there, I guess the  in SCP-4147?

Dr. O'Donald:  Well, uh, yes.

Dr. Mitchel:  Then that settles it, Interview over.

Dr. O'Donald  Well, hold on, but, doesn't that seem a bit ridiculous to you?

Dr. Mitchel pauses, hovering over the off button on the recorder, and turns back toward Dr. O'Donald

Dr. Mitchel:  How so?

Dr. O'Donald:  Well, we've essentially just added an entry for something that already exists as a myth. I'm dumbfounded as to how it wasn't in there already, doesn't that defeat the point of adding in an entry?

Dr. Mitchel:  Dr. O'Donald, please elaborate on what you mean by .

Dr. O'Donald:  I could ask you to elaborate on what you mean, the Leprechaun is a pretty solidified part of Irish culture.

Dr. Mitchel:  Okay, O'Donald, I am going to need to play you a tape.

Dr. O'Donald:  You really don't need to do that.

Dr. Mitchel:  Well, you're right, I don't if you can explain to me what you mean when you say the Leprechaun, that idea you spent all of this week developing as your idea, is an established part of Irish culture.

Dr. O'Donald does not answer

Dr. Mitchel:  Then I have to play to the tapes.

Dr. O'Donald is then shown a tape of herself explaining the  idea and the thought process behind its creation to other senior researchers. Dr. O'Donald is visibly distressed while watching the tape.

Dr. O'Donald:  Well, I

Dr. Mitchel:  Dr. O'Donald, I am going to ask you again, do you remember writing and submitting the entry for  in SCP-4147?

Dr. O'Donald:  God damnit of course I do! It was 5 minutes ago we put it in, but, also

Dr. Mitchel:  What else do you remember, Dr. O'Donald?

Dr. O'Donald:  What else do I remember, what don't I? My childhood for one thing, hearing stories at night about Leprechauns falling prey to their own pranks, about how trying to steal and get rich quickly would always flounder in the face of hard work whenever the Leprechaun would slip out of the hands of robbers, stories about fools trying to find the gold at the end of the rainbow and missing the beauty of the rainbow itself! I remember my morals, if that is what you're asking. It's a silly little elf thing wearing green but it was always there on St. Patrick's Day and in my nursery rhymes, how can it be just an entry we, or I, came up with and put in some godforsaken book!

Dr. Mitchel  I see. Interview over.
附加记录：    

Researcher's Notes:  This interview has shed light on a disturbing effect of SCP-4147. We expected either to have a correct hypothesis, the lucky outcome that we'd just be immune to these changes, or the less convenient but workable outcome that it simply destroys any memories that conflict with the narrative it spins for its new entries. Neither were the case, and further testing will require a more gentle approach.

+Addendum

-content

Notable SCP-4147-1 entry, parts of this entry was written using a different ink than the other entries within the instance.

From SCP-4147-1

SANTA CLAUS 

Jolly Saint Nick

Description:  One of the most recognizable examples of mythology, Santa Claus traces his roots back to St. Nicholas in the 3rd century. Santa Claus has a come a long way since then, spreading through Dutch culture to America through Dutch immigrants in New York, and then the world. Although myths inspired by St. Nick have appeared in many places besides America, and the United States only featuring a sort of adaptation of the Dutch legend, this American adaptation has become by far the most popular in the US and around the world. Today, Santa Claus is a symbol of gift giving on Christmas day across the globe, and it is custom for many parents to let their children believe he is real. The modern day Santa Claus is almost always seen in his stylish red and white, but only started being presented this way thanks to the good people at the Coca-Cola® Corporation. Santa premiered his iconic outfit drinking refreshing Coca-Cola® products, and he is still as widely loved as Coca-Cola® products to this day.

Specific Regions:  Santa Claus is an international figure.

Featured in these tales: 

A Visit from St. Nicholas by Clark Moore

(end of entry)

Footnotes
1. A format using previous entries as precedence has been constructed by research staff, see Experiment SCP-4147-A and Addendum SCP-4147-B

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:32
            
            Edit
+51)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Exploring Our World Wiki
                      
              A Site for Everyone Interested in Teaching and Learning
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CAA Institute
                      
              Accommodating Cosmic Anomalies Since 1908
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

