                        

First known picture of SCP-054-FR.

Item #:  SCP-054-FR

Threat Level:  Orange ●

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  An exclusion zone of 1km has been established around all shorelines where an occurrence of SCP-054-FR has been observed. Only personnel with a Clearance Level of 3 or higher may enter the containment zones, and only for experimental purposes. Access is forbidden to any and all civilians under the pretext of conducting research on a population of marine mammals (depending on the place). A-Class (for witnesses) and/or B-Class amnestics (for victims) are to be administered where necessary. Photos and videos taken of SCP-054-FR must be destroyed, and an extensive campaign debunking them as hoaxes must be launched should any evidence be made public.

Description:  SCP-054-FR is a phenomenon occurring in some waves off the western coasts of ████████ and █████, and the Eastern coasts of ████, ██████ and ██████. It is characterized by the physical transformation of affected waves to resemble the jaws of a Carcharodon carcharias, commonly known as a Great White Shark. SCP-054-FR is capable of remaining unnoticed until it is almost too late to act. SCP-054-FR is capable of forming on waves at least 4m tall, but the maximum height of which it can reach is unknown. Affected waves are capable of rolling at 3 times the speed of non-affected waves if a non-aquatic animal or a human being is situated between SCP-054-FR and the closest coast.

Appearances of SCP-054-FR grow considerably if the previously evoked individuals are situated at a distance of at least 250m from the coast, whether they are swimmers, divers, or aquatic vehicles of moderate size, with the most common victims having been surfers. Injuries caused by SCP-054-FR are similar to that which could be accomplished by a Great White Shark, but with pressure being directly proportional to the height of the affected wave. Injuries, lethal in 68% of cases, occur during the collapse of the wave over the victim. Reported injuries have been as simple as a removed limb to total disappearance of the victim. The only method of avoiding injury by SCP-054-FR is to dive under the wave before impact.

SCP-054-FR appears only on the part of the wave to closest its victim. If more than one victim is available, SCP-054-FR will manifest at multiple points on the wave. SCP-054-FR will accelerate to an average of ███kph, with the highest reported speed being ███kph.

Addendum 054-A:  A series of experiments discovered that releasing several litres of animal blood in the waters where SCP-054-FR is known to occur can cause its manifestation within two minutes. The instances of SCP-054-FR collapsed over the released blood. Further testing involving an equal amount human blood yielded a response in less than 60 seconds. Even small amounts of human blood have yielded faster reaction times than large quantities of animal blood.

Addendum 054-B:  Unusually, several maritime birds were observed be consumed by SCP-054-FR when they moved in front of a wave taller than 4m. This was the first time SCP-054-FR has been observed attacking anything other than human prey.

Addendum 054-C:  Observations have shown that wounded peoples are 4 times as likely to be victims of SCP-054-FR, with an instance manifesting in less than 60 seconds. Further testing revealed that remaining motionless reduced the likelihood of SCP-054-FR manifestations, as did slower body movements.

Addendum 054-D:  All the attempts at damaging manifestations of SCP-054-FR via weapons fire have proven ineffective, with shots disappearing into the wall of water. Furthermore, attempts at concealing the subjects' smell have proven equally ineffective, with SCP-054-FR not appearing to be affected at all.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Dec 2020 10:51
            
            Edit
+40)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Great Hyderabad Adventure Club
                      
              Advenutre and Nature Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hearts of Randomnautica Wiki
                      
              An interesting realm
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

