                        

Item #:  SCP-2229

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  All communication with SCP-2229 is to be directed through the Designated Liaison to SCP-2229. The Liaison is to be selected by a special committee of the Department of Antiquities on the basis of fluency in Classical Latin, knowledge of Roman history, and diplomatic experience. While communicating with SCP-2229, the Liaison must consistently assume the identity of a Roman emperor. Biannually, the Liaison must present a selection of goods1 to SCP-2229 as tribute. Although SCP-2229 has promised to solely communicate with the Liaison, reports from psychiatric hospitals in the city of Rome are to be continuously monitored for instances of communication between SCP-2229 and other individuals.

Description:  SCP-2229 is a telepathic entity that self-identifies as Sextus Pompilius Trio, Legate of Ursa Major3.

The Foundation became aware of SCP-2229 after Agents monitoring psychiatric hospitals in the city of Rome noted the existence of several individuals who claimed to have heard a  speaking to them in Latin, demanding an audience with the current Roman emperor. Due to the frequency and similarity of the reports, the cause was immediately suspected to be anomalous in nature. Dr. Marcellus, the first Designated Liaison to SCP-2229, was dispatched to investigate the reports and attempt communication with SCP-2229.

OpenLogs

AccessingGRANTED

Date:  June 5, 1997

 

Dr. Marcellus:  Hear, O Sextus Pompilius Trio, Legate of Ursa Major! I, Titus Cornelius Marcellus, first citizen amongst the Romans, have heard of your desire for an audience. To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?

SCP-2229 : O Titus Cornelius Marcellus, most honorable emperor, I, Sextus Pompilius Trio, have long awaited your company. I come bearing good news, for I represent the illustrious people of Ursa Major, who live beyond the abode of the gods. We have seen your empire's glory, and wish to ingratiate ourselves with you to earn your eternal friendship. Indeed, I have brought a most valuable gift! Look thither, and concentrate.

(Dr. Marcellus complies. A scroll written in Classical Latin, later found to contain a lengthy reference for manufacturing a variety of machines that utilize Newcomen atmospheric engines, appears at the designated location.)

Dr. Marcellus:  By Jupiter, what miracle is this? What does this scroll contain?

SCP-2229 : A miracle, that is what it should be called. Have your wisest scholars look on it; given enough time they will decipher it, though you yourself will not live to see it happen. Certainly, it will occupy them for some time - two millennia, perhaps. In any case, now that you have witnessed the generosity and wonder of my people, will you pay homage to Ursa Major?

Dr. Marcellus:  In all truth I will consider it. But what can your people, who are so great, want from my empire, which is so meager in comparison?

SCP-2229 : Whatever your finest goods may be, bring them forth to me twice every year, so that I may receive them as tribute for my people. For now, that is all I ask of you.

Dr. Marcellus:  Then by all means, I will do so. I have but one request: speak only to me and my successors, and not the unwashed masses of my empire. These plebeians are far below you; by deigning to converse with them, you only injure your dignity.

SCP-2229 : (Laughter.) Very well! Let it be done.

 

Afterword:  Subsequently, Dr. Marcellus began making regular offers of tribute to SCP-2229. As of the present day, SCP-2229 has not deviated from its initial behavior.
附加记录：    

Verifying 4/2229 Clearance VERIFIED

Accessing Gladius Incident Logs ACCESS GRANTED

Date:  January 5, 2010

 

Dr. Marcellus:  O Sextus Pompilius, I, Titus Cornelius, have brought the first tribute of the year. Ten bales of cloth dyed in Tyrian purple, fifty amphorae of-

SCP-2229:  Yes, yes, I am sure that your offerings are all quite fine. Let me receive them quickly, so that we can move on to the more urgent matter I wish to address.

(Dr. Marcellus focuses on the tribute offerings, and they disappear.)

SCP-2229:  I am afraid that I have more to ask of your empire than tribute today. Our people, as wondrous as they may be, are not warriors, which we are now in deep need of. O Titus Cornelius, can your empire spare a legion? My people will be deeply indebted to your empire, and you above all will be held in our eternal esteem.

Dr. Marcellus:  My empire would be hard pressed to do so, for it would mean exposing my people to the threat of savage barbarians and treacherous rebels. Why do your people need a legion, if I may ask? Have they become embroiled in war?

SCP-2229:  That is not exactly how I would describe it. My people are obligated to fight, but not in a war. No, I would think of it more as a gladiatorial combat, to provide the plebeians of other Heavens their bread and circuses. We have no choice but to satisfy them with our own blood, or with yours. To do otherwise is to antagonize the showmen, who are more dangerous to us with words than any other enemies are with swords. Your empire has warriors; my people have not. I ask of you again: can your empire spare a legion?

Dr. Marcellus:  What if my empire does not?

SCP-2229:  What if a client does not honor his patron? What if a slave does not obey his master? What if a lesser does not follow his better? You, Titus, are the emperor, and you of all people know the answers to these questions. I will ask once again, and not once more: can your empire spare a legion?

Dr. Marcellus:  I offer my sincere apology; the question was most unbecoming. Yes, I will procure a legion for you at the earliest possible opportunity. Still, I must ask, how long do I have to do so?

SCP-2229:  You have five days. Let it be done.

 

Afterword:  Due to the potential consequences of non-compliance, limited time frame, and personnel requirements for a legion4, a proposal to utilize a Bright/Zartion Hominid Replicator to fulfill the demand was sent to the Ethics Subcommittee on Human Cloning. After a day of deliberation, the proposal was approved by a 5-4 decision.
附加记录：    

Date:  June 7, 2010

 

(Silently, Dr. Marcellus focuses on the tribute offerings, and they disappear.)

SCP-2229:  You're usually more talkative when you deliver the tribute, Titus. I sense that something troubles you; is it the legion, perhaps?

Dr. Marcellus:  Sextus, it is not easy for a man to send six thousand men off to war, and to not know a thing about their fate.

SCP-2229:  They fought boldly, and died heroically; they lost their lives, but gained their names. Can warriors ask for much more?

Dr. Marcellus:  I suppose not.

(Thirty seconds of silence.)

Dr. Marcellus:  Do you expect to ask our empire for a legion again in the future?

SCP-2229:  No, the audience has seen enough of us, and the showmen themselves are quite satisfied. The next time, it will not be our people who are called on, but yours. Your warriors' performance was quite rousing, and, in any case, I have been told that your people are already quite overdue for your turn in the arena.

 

Afterword:  None.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Due to budgetary concerns, purple cloth, wine, and glassware are recommended in lieu of other items.
2. A constellation also known as the Great Bear, which notably contains the Big Dipper.
3. It is unknown whether there exists a limit to the mass that SCP-2229 can manipulate.
4. Six thousand individuals.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 11:22
            
            Edit
+50)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars: Age of Might
                      
              My Star Wars Saga
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP繁體中文沙盒
                      
              發現，發掘，發佈
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Scion: Monsters and Mosh Pits
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Black Marches
                      
              Roll20 Pathfinder
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

