                        

Item #:  SCP-2000-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  1

SCP-2000-J is now being hosted by Agent ████, who is currently going to college. Considerations to place SCP-2000-J onto MTF Zeta-00 () are pending.

Description:  SCP-2000-J is a Caucasian male approximately 18 years of age, with the ability to transform into a common housecat upon the beginning of any sport he participates in. In spite of his apparent lack of height or hands, he shows an exemplary ability at any athletics while in a transformed state.

SCP-2000-J appears to have an odd memetic effect upon regulators of any sport, causing apathy towards his lack of qualifications to play in his current state. Typically regulators will cite a lack of regulation towards disallowing animals from participating. SCP-2000-J also appears to increase the morale of any team he participates in, regardless of actual performance.

SCP-2000-J seems to be able to perform reality manipulation, causing him to always be able to perform the last goal, basket, run, strike, or catch during a tie in the game. Although randomized, during tournaments any team that SCP-2000-J participates in will be able to play into the finals, and the final team will always be the previous championship team. As well, previously undiscovered conflicts between members of both teams will arise during the match and will become resolved positively.2

Addendum 2000-J-1:  SCP-2000-J recently requested that Agent ████ become romantically involved with it. Agent ████ denied this request as she is currently in a steady relationship with the leader of Mobile Task Force Zeta-9 ().

Addendum 2000-J-2:  Due to SCP-2000-J's difficulties in interacting with female staff members and physical abuse by several humanoid SCP's, the decision has been made to insert SCP-2000-J into the Foundation's Basketball Team in hopes of finally winning against the Global Occult Coalition.

Addendum 2000-J-3:  SCP-2000-J has recently assembled an improved team to represent the Foundation, consisting of several researchers, Agents and humanoid SCP's.

Addendum 2000-J-4:  On ██/██/20███, SCP-2000-J approached Dr. █████, requesting that he join Athletic Task Force Alpha-11. Due to Dr. █████'s unpleasant history involving the game, he refused, advising SCP-2000-J to cease playing basketball before it experiences a similar negative experience.

Addendum 2000-J-5:  The Foundation-GOC annual basketball tournament is currently underway. Updates are pending.

Addendum 2000-J-6:  Astonishingly, Dr. █████ has attended the game and is assisting Athletic Task Force Alpha-11. SCP-2000-J appears to register satisfaction at this development.

Addendum 2000-J-7:  One of the members of the GOC team has terminated Dr. █████ with a concealed pistol. The GOC player has been removed from the game by Assistant Referee ███████. During the mid-game break, SCP-2000-J expressed determination to win the game.

Addendum 2000-J-8:  SCP-2000-J has gained possession of the ball and is rapidly approaching the GOC hoop and YES HE MADE THE SHOT YESSSS

Addendum 2000-J-9:  SCP-2000-J is currently in a steady relationship with Agent ████. Termination of Agent ████ for unprofessional behaviour is under consideration.

Addendum 2000-J-10:  SCP-2000-J was approached by Marshall, Carter and Dark operatives with a deal for him to lose the next game in exchange for monetary rewards. He initially refused; however, the operatives then threatened Agent ████'s safety. SCP-2000-J then proceeded to perform poorly in the next game until Agent ████ escaped and cheered him on.

Footnotes
1. This was a highly unexpected action, as Dr. █████ was well known for his negative personality. Possible psychic effects by SCP-2000-J have been brought under suspicion; however, some point to the similarities between Dr. █████'s younger self and SCP-2000-J.
2. See Incident 2000-J-21, wherein Agent ██████ coached SCP-2000-J and defeated the opposing team from the Chaos Insurgency, which was coached by Agent ██████'s older and more skilled brother. Agent ██████'s brother had previously defeated Agent ██████ in a championship game in 1988 and permanently injured him, preventing him from playing. The agent and his brother instead embraced each other at the end of the game and had a barbecue.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                sport
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Apr 2020 23:44
            
            Edit
+261)
Tags
Discuss (52)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Music and Cyberculture
                      
              MUS 6314 - Topics in Ethnomusicology
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Khais personal knowledge vault.
                      
              Materials on this site are not original. When possible, references to original articles are listed on each page.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP-FS
                      
              確保、収容、遊べ！
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RetroWIKI
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

