                        

Wild specimens of SCP-2037 prior to containment

Item #:  SCP-2037

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All SCP-2037 specimens are to be contained in an enclosed container with the minimum size of 10m x10m x3m. Specimens should always have sufficient access to fresh hay, grass, and water. SCP-2037 specimens are to be removed from the container before the daily cleaning of the containment chamber.

Any sightings of suspicious dust clumps around the facility are to be collected and observed if possible.

Description:  SCP-2037 is an unknown anomalous species of the Sylvilagus genus. Specimens have an appearance similar to the Sylvilagus audubonii (Desert Cottontail rabbit) species. SCP-2037 also share a common diet with other species in the genus Sylvilagus. Currently the Foundation has 23 live SCP-2037 specimens in containment.

SCP-2037's anomalous properties manifest when specimens detect possible threats. When approached by any unknown or threatening subject, specimens of SCP-2037 will flee from the subject. Specimens are reported to quickly transform its body into a clump of dust while running. When in dust state, SCP-2037 specimens are very resistant to physical harm and are able to travel short distances if strong winds are present. When a significant enough amount of dust is lost, specimens in dust state will try to collect and accumulate dust from its environment. If the loss is too significant to regain, SCP-2037 will decrease in size when returning to normal state.

Specimens in dust state are mainly composed of rabbit fur, flakes of dead skin, lint, and spider webs. No living tissue can be found within the dust particles. When in normal state, no non-organic substances that are found in the dust state are detected.

Addendum-2037-1:  SCP-2037 specimens SCP-2037-1 to 17 were originally found in the █████ Park located in ████, Nebraska. Local officials initially reported there was an excessive amount of dust located throughout the park. SCP-2037 first came to the Foundation's attention when Agent ██████ witnessed a SCP-2037 specimen entering dust state. Site ██ was established near █████ Park after the event in █/██/████.

Addendum-2037-2:  Logs of Test-2037-B and Test-2037-C

+Log-2037-B

-Log-2037-B

Test-2037-B 

Subjects : SCP-2037-1, SCP-2037-2, SCP-2037-3

Procedures : Introduce the three chosen SCP-2037 specimens to one specimen of Canis latrans (coyote) species.

Results:  All subjects ran and avoided the Canis latrans specimen once it entered containment. The Canis latrans specimen attempted to pursue SCP-2037-3, but it stopped in confusion as all three subjects entered dust state. The Canis latrans specimen showed no sign of interest for the subjects in dust state after.

Analysis:  The specimens have shown that SCP-2037 is capable of surviving almost any predator attack. Considering the speed they reproduce, they can easily overpopulate an ecosystem. -Dr. █████
附加记录：    

+Log-2037-C

-Log-2037-C

Test-2037-C 

Subject:  SCP-2037-6

Procedure:  See what is the smallest size SCP-2037 can become by separating portions of dust from the specimen in dust state. Split 1/2 of the current dust clump size and continue separating 1/2 of the dust clump remaining from each split.

Results:  After SCP-2037-6 entered dust state, one half of the dust clump was removed and placed in a separate room. Subject returned to normal state █ minutes later with a smaller size. Then a half of the remaining portion was removed again. Subject returned to normal state █ minutes later with half of the previous size. At the fifth split, the subject ceased returning to normal state.

Analysis:  So the subject would need to regain to a certain size in order to possibly return to normal state. -Dr. █████
附加记录：    

Note: The separated dust in the other chamber was reported later to transform back to normal form, which was genetically identical to the other half of the subject in normal form.
附加记录：    

Addendum-2037-3:  In █/██/████ █:██ SCP-2037-19 expired from excessive tumorous growth on its head caused by a Shope papilloma virus infection. Within ███ hours all flesh growth on SCP-2037-19 had decomposed. Approximately █ minutes later the skeleton was reported to transform into a large clump of dust, and back to skeleton form █ minutes later.

Note: SCP-2037 is not exactly a living rabbit species, contrary to what we previously assumed. -Dr. █████

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  15_for_Dinner.jpg

Name:  15 for Dinner.jpg

Author:  Jessie Eastland

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Sep 2020 20:12
            
            Edit
+80)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Global Climate Destabilization
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Prämien teilen
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            小城的问候
                      
              Greetings from afar...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            山德森寰宇祕典
                      
              星河之間，無垠之上
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

