                        

Artist's rendition of Pioneer 11 exiting the Solar System.

Item #:  SCP-4313

Object Class:  Euclid

1 are in orbits that pass by several known edges of SCP-4313. Thrusters are to provide any course corrections necessary after ectoplasm collisions. All probe control is to be performed remotely  no Foundation personnel are permitted to approach or enter the anomaly.

In cooperation with NASA, coverups regarding the phenomena surrounding the Pioneer 11 space probe have been disseminated. Details on Pioneer 11's acceleration changes were altered to appropriately match the non-anomalous ones experienced by Pioneer 10 due to radiation pressure.

The Overhead-ZETA monitoring probe is following a parallel trajectory to SCP-4313-Z through interstellar space, dispatched to observe projectile bursts from the anomaly. Foundation coverup protocols are in place to attribute related high-energy particle bursts to other astronomical phenomena.

As SCP-4313-Z's behavior does not impact the Solar System, no further containment for it is necessary.

3 and is composed of clouds of ectoplasm, which collide with any objects or spacecraft passing through them.

In addition to the ectoplasm, SCP-4313 contains high concentrations of non-corporeal metaphysical detritus, visually seen by observers within the anomaly's borders as luminescent cyan viscera. Detritus that collides with any sapient subject merges into their body and subsequently disintegrates. This process results in the subject being implanted with variable emotional memories and sensations, believed to have originated from SCP-4313 prior to its death. Recorded memories have included:

Limb severance.
The sense of being pursued.
Panic.
Repeated impalement.
An inability to speak.
Plummeting from an extreme height.
Disorientation; loss of mental concentration.
Exsanguination.
Silence.

This is often accompanied by reported imagery of abstract shapes and impossible colors. Confusion resulting from subjects temporarily believing that they are extraterrestrial gigafauna is common.

Larger metaphysical constructs exist in the form of ten SCP-4313-Y instances. To observers inside of SCP-4313, these are viewed as elongated red cylinders, possessing a sharpened tip at one end and engines of an indeterminate nature on the other. The instances extend through the width of SCP-4313 in regular patterns, potentially in areas where organ structures used to exist. Subjects that pass through SCP-4313-Y instances claim that  exists.

4 On reaching a distance from 20 AU from the sun, the probe collided with SCP-4313's ectoplasm clouds and began passing through its mass. Repeated collisions caused deviations in trajectory, decelerating the probe by small but noticeable amounts.

No further phenomena was observed until Pioneer 11 reached the 21 AU mark, where probe cameras transmitted a series of images without prompting. The images show the probe's approach towards an SCP-4313-Y instance, nearing until reaching the surface. Subsequent images are of abstract shapes and memetic patterns, which, when observed, are seen as assortments of darkened limbs and hands. Contact dropped for one week before returning when Pioneer 11 exited SCP-4313. The exit process was uneventful, and all probe functions resumed as normal.

High-energy X-ray imaging of the trails from SCP-4313-Z projectiles, fired on 14/03/2040.

Addendum.4313.1:  SCP-4313-Z 

On 10/01/2002, soon after the radio signal of Pioneer 11 became too faint to detect, a series of high-energy X-ray bursts were detected from the probe's direction. This repeated on 10/01/2002, 26/09/2015, and on thirty dates from 2020 to 2025. The Messier-002 exploration vessel was sent to the predicted location of the probe on 23/04/2025.

Pioneer 11 was found equipped with an array of anomalous weaponry. Nine appendages visually consistent to SCP-4313-Y instances radially extended from its chassis, each ending in railguns that fire projectiles at relativistic velocities nearing 0.9c. The X-ray bursts originated from the energy released by projectile launches and the collisions the projectiles would have with the surrounding interplanetary medium. Few common trajectories for the projectiles exist. The intended targets are not known.

The SCP-4313-Z designation for the probe was established in May of 2025. Since then only one transmission from SCP-4313-Z has been recorded:

Quiet.
Stop whispering above me.
I am still hunting.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Devices that generate electric currents, interacting with ectoplasm and causing it to produce visible-wavelength light.
2. Between the orbits of Uranus and Neptune.
3. Approximate measurements from probe intersections estimate it to be between 1-2 AU wide.
4. Launched by NASA on 06/04/1973. It became the second man-made object to reach a trajectory leading outside of the Solar System.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Sep 2020 06:41
            
            Edit
+67)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Great Dane 28 owners club
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            uberOptions
                      
              Enable all options on all buttons in SetPoint
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AQW
                      
              AQWorlds Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Right from 
                      
              Animation through Online Collaboration by students
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

