                        

Item #:  SCP-3354

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3354 and its immediate vicinity is to be completely surrounded by anti-climb perimeter fence, 2.5 meter tall, under the guise of setting up a nature preserve. Guard posts and automated gates are to be placed at all three major paths leading to the top of the hill and manned at all times. Other than for previously scheduled testing, no vehicle may in any circumstances enter the site. Restoring pedestrian access to the site is currently under consideration.

Description:  SCP-3354 is a medium-sized hill, 223 meters tall at its highest point, located in the vicinity of █████████, Arkansas. The local population colloquially refers to it as Killmotor Hill. It features plant growth and fauna typical to hills in the area, with the exception of above average density of trees. No buildings or other large man-made structures are located at any point of the site. The three paths described in containment procedures lead to a small grove, three weathered, wooden makeshift benches in a state of disrepair and a large rock serving as a vantage point. The grove is littered with rusty cans, old bottles and paper bags, and the paths display signs of varied use, reflecting the hill's middling popularity as a site for family days out.

Any attempt to scale SCP-3354, using a land vehicle not powered by animal or human muscles, will inevitably end in an accident, rendering the vehicle inoperable and beyond repair. While every documented case resulted in injuries to every person involved, there appears to be no consistent pattern to said injuries, nor have any fatalities been recorded so far.

Discovery:  SCP-3354 was first brought into the Foundation's attention when local police reports indicated an abnormal number of car accidents over a short period of time, all occurring at the site of Killmotor Hill. A detailed inquiry uncovered that while the aforementioned series of accidents was related to an influx of tourist activity caused by a nearby sports event, the area has a history of less frequent, but regular car crashes. Subsequent on-foot exploration turned up a number of car wreckages in various states of corrosion, as well as multiple car parts, chassis fragments and automotive lamp and window glass.

Test Log:  (note: unless otherwise specified, all vehicles involved in testing were operated by D-class personnel)

Vehicle(s) used:  None.

Results:  All personnel reached the grove successfully and uneventfully. No anomalies noted.
附加记录：    

Vehicle(s) used:  Bikes of different make and quality, driven at various speeds.

Results:  All personnel reached the grove successfully. No anomalies noted. Although D-████ reported a sprained ankle, he later admitted his injury was caused by attempts to vandalize the lone undamaged wooden bench.
附加记录：    

Vehicle(s) used:  A wooden cart pulled by horse.

Results:  Test completed successfully. No anomalies noted.
附加记录：    

Vehicle(s) used:  A rickshaw.

Results:  Test completed successfully. No anomalies noted.
附加记录：    

Vehicle(s) used:  A Yamaha brand motorbike, never used previously except for a test drive.

Results:  The D-class subject was told to drive carefully. About halfway to the top, the bike's front wheel hit a rock embedded in the ground, causing it to sharply swerve and fall. D-class personnel suffered cuts and bruises, as well as a burn where the bike's hot exhaust pipe touched exposed skin. The D-class was then told to resume driving, but was unable to start the motorbike. Later inspection indicated severe internal damage of the engine.
附加记录：    

Vehicle(s) used:  A Ford Focus brand car, never used previously except for a test drive.

Results:  The D-class subject was told to drive carefully. After a short distance was traversed, the vehicle was seen suddenly slamming into a roadside tree. The D-class subject subsequently reported that his steering wheel jammed and the brake pedal fell apart while trying to take the first turn. Despite the airbag failing to develop, the driver only suffered a mild concussion and forehead laceration owing to the car's low speed. Moments after D-████ was escorted away, the car caught on fire and was unsalvageable by the time our response team managed to notice and extinguish the flames.
附加记录：    

Vehicle(s) used:  Leopard 2 main battle tank, operated by trained crew

Results:  Close to the top, the tank engine failed and controls became unresponsive. After several seconds of uncontrolled descent, the tank was suddenly destroyed by a violent explosion. All crew members suffered heavy injuries and burns. Close scrutiny of the area and debris revealed the explosion to be caused by an anti-armor landmine of French production. It must be noted that SCP-3354 was never part of any known military operation.
附加记录：    

-Let's not use any military vehicles from now on.  Dr. █████

Vehicle(s) used:  A Ford Focus brand car, never used previously, operated by an experienced driver.

Results:  The driver was told to never exceed 20km/h. A special response team was dispatched immediately afterwards and ordered to follow the car as closely as possible. The team, led by Agent ███████, consisted of security personnel, medical staff and car servicemen, equipped with necessary tools, spare car parts and fire extinguishers. Moments after initiating the test, the car was crushed by two falling roadside trees. The driver suffered head trauma, multiple broken ribs, numerous lacerations and glass shards wedged into the skin.
附加记录：    

-This concludes the first series of tests. We can't do much more without heavily modifying the site's ecosystem.  Dr. █████

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:04
            
            Edit
+4)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Collaboratory
                      
              at Colby Community College
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ΚΣΕ ΜΟΥΔΑΝΙΩΝ Επιμόρφωση Β Επιπέδου
                      
              «Όποιος τολμάει να διδάξει δεν πρέπει ποτέ να πάψει να μαθαίνει» John Cotton Dana
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trueblood: Dallas
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

