                        

Cylinders of SCP-3287.

Item #:  SCP-3287

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Secure Containment Procedures:  At any time, no more than 50 standard regulation Class E liquid gas cylinders of each type of SCP-3287 may exist. These canisters are to be stored in a vacuum-sealed chamber at 112 kelvin and handled only by personnel equipped with gas-proof hazardous material suits.

SCP-3287-0 is to remain within one meter of the sealed container it was discovered in, and its Scranton Reality Anchor regularly maintained and replaced when needed.

During tests with an instance of SCP-3287, test subjects are to be escorted into a designated vacuum-sealed testing area. SCP-3287 is to be pumped into the area for one minute, then recollected. Subjects are then to be escorted out of the testing area by properly-equipped guards through an airlock while any remaining SCP-3287 is to be recollected and contained.

SCP-3287 may be used on animal and human populations in the case of an ΩK-Class End of Death Scenario with approval from the O5 council and Ethics Committee.

Description:  SCP-3287 is the designation for a gaseous sterilization agent created by the Foundation for the purposes of reducing and controlling the populations of certain anomalous and non-anomalous animal species. Since its creation, which was for the purposes of containing the spread of SCP-████, it has been used on ██ other anomalies and certain non-anomalous animals.

SCP-3287 is gaseous at room temperature, liquid at 112. Upon coming in contact with a living subject, SCP-3287 dissolves, losing its gaseous properties as it is absorbed.

SCP-3287 has three different types, designated SCP-3287-1, SCP-3287-2 and SCP-3287-3. All types of SCP-3287 are nearly identical in chemical composition, but are distinguished by unique anomalous compounds that supposedly alter their effects.

SCP-3287-1 is the first type of SCP-3287, and also the type with the most documented information. After application to a living subject, SCP-3287-1 completely sterilizes them, preventing them from being able to reproduce. This has been used to artificially preserve certain species of animals in the wild by sterilizing their predators, and has been used to prevent certain anomalous species of animals from creating offspring, as mentioned above. SCP-3287-1 may be used on humans, but requires Level-4 approval before use.

SCP-3287-2 is the second type of SCP-3287. Despite being similar in composition to SCP-3287-1, its function is currently unknown. Although several tests have been scheduled and attempted to determine the function of SCP-3287-2, none of these were completed on account of the fact that all randomly-selected D-Class and animal test candidates were already sterile before the test began. An endeavour to only select test candidates who are not sterile has not been attempted.

SCP-3287-3 is the third type of SCP-3287. There is no documentation of any attempted tests with SCP-3287-3.

SCP-3287-0 is the designation for the document detailing the process to create SCP-3287 instances. SCP-3287-0 was discovered in a secure Foundation chemical laboratory at Site-██ on September 28th, 20██ during a routine sanitary examination, sealed in a glass box, accompanied by a single miniaturised Scranton Reality Anchor.

The instructions have since been copied to the Foundation database, along with the message discovered on the final page, which has been transcribed below:

MessageSCP-3287-0

CloseTranscript

We fucked up.

ConProcs: -3 only use during bad ΩK, rest are good

Tell my family I love them.

Dr. Kaito Shoga Jr.
附加记录：    

According to Foundation personnel records, there is not a researcher by the name of Kaito Shoga Jr. employed by the Foundation. When asked, Site-██ Director Kaito Shoga said he had never had children, as he had discovered he was sterile after multiple attempts at a child with his wife.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:32
            
            Edit
+239)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AviationKnowledge
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Xanadu Weyr
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pediatric Hematology  Oncology Certification Review
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Splinterverse
                      
              Ezboard Yuku Splinterverse Wiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

