                        

Item #:  SCP-1212

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  The original instance of SCP-1212 is to be contained in a standard containment locker at Site-12. All additional instances are to be contained in a Size- 3 6 Containment Locker directly adjacent to the original instance's containment locker. Under no circumstances aside from deposition of new instances of SCP-1212 is the secondary containment locker to be opened. Once every three (3) weeks, one D-class is to be introduced to SCP-1212. Said D-class is to remain under observation until expiring, at which point the original instance will be separated and placed in its containment locker and the remaining instances stored in secondary containment.

Note:  Due to possible psychic effects discovered during staff interviews following Incident 1212-Delta, Containment and research on SCP-1212 is to be undertaken solely by Junior Researchers and other personnel who still think Able is  as they appear to be immune.

Description:  SCP-1212 is an indestructible ivory bracelet with diameter of 10cm. thick, with two extremely sharp spikes directly polar to each other pointing outwards from the center. Inspection reveals that it is a single, unaltered piece of bone, leading researchers to believe that it is a notch from the spinal column of a currently unknown creature. SCP-1212 contains trace amounts of dark matter within the bone. It is unknown at this time whether this is the cause of its anomalous effects.

When coming within one (1) meter of SCP-1212, subjects with no prior knowledge of its effects experience a strong compulsion to wear it. When placed on any limb of the body, SCP-1212's spikes will turn inward and the bracelet itself will contract to clamp tightly around the limb. Subjects will typically report extreme pain following the impalement of the limb, and at this point will attempt to remove SCP-1212. It is impossible to remove SCP-1212 following impalement.

Over the course of three hours, the subject's spinal notches will become hollow, and widen to a diameter of 10cm. Two spikes will grow on each notch. When three hours have elapsed, each spinal notch will detach itself from the subject by rotating at a speed of 2000 rpm. All spinal notches are identical in appearance and effect to the original instance of SCP-1212, save for two details:

They contain no dark matter.
If the original instance of SCP-1212 is not worn within 28 days of last detachment, all instances will spontaneously teleport to a random limb of nearby persons.

Incident 1212-Delta Aftermath Interview Log 

On ██/██/████, all instances of SCP-1212 breached containment, resulting in a total of 3,128 fatalities. The following interview was conducted in the aftermath of the event between Dr. ████, the Researcher who initially reported SCP-1212, and Drs. ███, ██████, and Researcher ████, all Level 4 researchers who had been in charge of the containment of SCP-1212, who had been out getting smoothies during the breach.

Dr. ████:  Not only did the three of you ignore the clear, three-week deadline, but you out-and-out ignored the item completely! Why?

Researcher ████:  It's boring.

Dr. ████:  what?

Dr. ██████:  Yeah, it's just a cliche, indestructible, cursed magical item what kills you. That's it.

Dr. ████:  That's it?! 3,128 people died because of this SCP!

Researcher ████:  Exactly! That's just cheap horror. Like,  No substance, no hook, nothing at all. Like, what's its backstory? How did we find it?

Dr. ████:  Huh? What are you talking about? We found it in an abandoned mine after a miner went missing and died, but what does that have to do with anything?

Dr. ███:  It has to do with everything. That backstory is boring, and kind of implausible. We don't investigate every death in the world. It just doesn't add anything. Maybe you could change it?

Dr. ████:  What the fuck do you mean,  That's what actually happened!

Dr. ██████:  Hey, buddy, calm down. We're just trying to help make it better.

Dr. ████:  Better? This THING fucking KILLS PEOPLE!

Dr. ███:  Yes, yes. We've been over that. Now I have to ask, dark matter? Really?

Researcher ████:  Oh yeah. That bugged the crap out of me. Dark matter hasn't actually been proven to exist.

Dr. ██████:  Yeah. Downvote for pointless dark matter.

Dr. ████:  It HAS been proven to exist! WE just proved it exists! You're scientists! Why aren't you shitting your pants with excitement?!

Dr. ███:  That's another thing. Your tone. It's really off. I don't believe a scientist would really say that in an official interview. I'm afraid it's downvote for me.

Dr. ████:  WHAT THE FUCK IS A DOWNVOTE?!!!

END LOG 
附加记录：    

Researchers screamed around him, as he darted towards the end, musing on the significance of having to stop in the midst of the jokes.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                skeletal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Mar 2017 07:23
            
            Edit
+391)
Tags
Discuss (65)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AckySHINE MiniSites | Best of 2020
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pandora Saga Online Wiki
                      
              NYANICORN!!!!!!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nexus Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

