                        

SCP #:  SCP-PU1P-J

Object Class:  E(pic)uclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Copies of SCP-PU1P-J-1 are to be disseminated across as many Foundation sites as possible, and an annual budget of USD $500 is to be allocated to SCP-PU1P-J-1 production. SCP-PU1P-J is to be contained in the Site-75 break room, for ease of staff use. SCP-PU1P-J and it's contents are to be  regularly, for general entertainment purposes.

Description:  SCP-PU1P-J appears to be a standard slot machine adorned with detailed art of Foundation staff and anomalies2

SCP-PU1P-J’s anomalous effect manifests when .10¢ USD is slid into the token slot and the lever on the right side of the box is pulled downwards. This will cause the slots to spin, and a presumably random figure and premise will be selected. The middle column does not move and only contains the letter “X”. SCP-PU1P-J then enters a “hibernation state” in which the machine cannot be interacted with, and money is no longer accepted. After exactly 2 hours, a  with a heavily stylized cover and title will be produced.

The magazine, now designated SCP-PU1P-J-1, contains a short story which details the exploits of the chosen character within the chosen premise. These stories are usually not of excellent quality, but are generally entertaining, being very reminiscent of pulp magazines of the early 1900s.

On the underside of the box is a note, scrawled in pen:

I am so sorry. That last thing I sent was not tested well, and was much worse than anticipated. Not even you guys deserve that. I, Cornelius Everett Wondertainment, have crafted this writing box, which should produce works of genuine entertainment value.

it was just a prank bro please don't be mad.

Cordially, Dr. Wondertainment
附加记录：    

ExcerptsSCP-PU1P-J

–block

Addendum PU1P-J.1:  Wobbles, an undercover cop in New York City

The year was 1923. Everything was in black-and-white, as it always had been. Wobbles the shark was backed against a wall, three of his former compatriots, members of a gang known as the  in New York, trained their eyes on him, flexing their arms.

The mobster in the center stepped forwards towards Wobbles and held his fist forwards.

The two other mobsters gave each other a look and shrugged in agreement.

 the center man was already frothing, motioning with his poorly-named fist at Wobbles. The two other men were shocked for a second, before quickly retraining their unnamed fists at Wobbles.

All three men unloaded on the shark, fists sailing towards the Super Selachian. A cloud of smoke puffed up, and a loud, wet thump could be heard. When the dust cleared, Wobbles was on the ground.

All three men went to pick up the body of Wobbles, but their hands bounced off, unable to touch him. Confused, the man on the left took a closer look at Wobbles's body.

Suddenly, Wobbles jumped back up onto his tail, the surprise causing the three men to back up. Wobbles pulled a cigarette out of the pocket of the central man, utilizing his shock. Wobbles lit the cigarette and held it up to his fishbowl. Inexplicably, the cigarette glowed at the tip more, and a puff of smoke was exhaled by Wobbles, clouding his helmet in smoke despite his lack of human lungs.

Wobbles walked closer to the men, as they pressed up against the other side of the room. Wobbles imitated the motion of pulling up his sleeves.

附加记录：    

Addendum PU1P.2:  SCP-4455 (), a detective in Chicago.

Streamliner was approached by a woman whose husband had died. After investigating the crime scene and finding the murder weapon, Streamliner apprehended the culprit and put him in jail.
附加记录：    

Addendum PU1P.3:  SCP-3388, robbing a bank in Atlanta

carnie?

Yes?

what are we doing?

I've explained this several times, we're robbing a bank so that you start getting tougher. Think of it as training.

there are lots of water and rocks here.

No poky! No murder! You can't show a dead person how tough you are. Choose your murder wisely.

but i'm thirsty.

We can get water after. Let's just rob this place and get out.

okay.

If Carnegias could grin in this moon cactus form, he would be. His small protege, poky, had gotten much better at this whole flying thing and was starting to slowly float into the air. The phenomenon attracted the attention of several bank-goers, who rubbed their eyes in disbelief. Carnegias mustered all of his telepathic strength to send out a loud message to everyone at the bank.
ALRIGHT, EVERYBODY BE COOL, THIS IS A ROBBERY!

Several bank-goers and bankers looked on confusedly. Some began to chuckle at how preposterous the situation was.

 a man in the back jeered.

are they making fun of me, carnie?

Yeah but only because you aren't acting tough enough! You gotta send a message.

i thought you said no murder.

I change my mind, this guy is a jerk and should go away.

okay. i'm thirsty anyway.

The laughter stopped. The man stood there, starting to wrinkle and dry visibly.

The middle-aged man contorted in agony, his body becoming more and more dry, his skin wrinkling like somebody three times his age. Suddenly the skin began to fold in on itself, losing its color in favor of a pale white. The convulsions stopped. Blood seeped from the side of poky's pot.

Good, poky! Alright, you got their attention now. Tell them to give you their valuables.
give me the greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen!

That was not very intimidating.

A security guard finally snapped out of his confusion and approached the floating moon cactus. Tentatively drawing his gun, he took aim at poky.

poky! Watch out!

aaahhh!

The security guard's finger began to close on the trigger, but not before a sudden CRACK  reverberated around the room. The security guard's head had been violently snapped a full one hundred and eighty degrees. Wordlessly, he expelled a final breath and toppled over.

Goddamn, poky.
GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN

Alright poky, I think you got the-

Suddenly, the entire room's eyes glassed over, clouding into a deep black which seemed to contain an infinite abyss. And then the screams. The entire room doubled over, or fell over, contorting their bodies in fear, screaming all the while.

oh no i did it again.

It's alright, just put them back now. I think they get the point.

i can't, it's a never-ending nightmare.

poky, that's a figure of speech, you didn't actually have to make it never-ending.

you didn't explain that! this is too hard!

Hey, hey, you did a great job! You were super tough here! Next time you just have to make sure that a few of them stay alive enough to tell people of how scary you are.

and then they give water?

They'll fear you so much that you can get all the water you want.

yay.

Collecting the money, Carnegias and poky exited the Secure Collecting Proprietor's Bank. The alarm finally began to clamor at the Bank. In the distance, sirens began to blare.

Okay, let's head over to the next city so there's no heat on us.

kill cops?

No, don't kill the cops, not until I am powerful enough to take on the Foundation again.

we  are powerful enough

Right, yes, we.

Carnegias and poky floated past the city, into the distance.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Armando exited the bathroom in the Secure Collecting Proprietor's Bank to utter chaos. People rolling on the floor in pain, their eyes blackened and their throats hoarse from screaming. Armando steeled himself for a fight, but there was nobody left to fight.

附加记录：    

Addendum PU1P.4:  SCP-682, saving the world.

Acid. Why did it have to be acid? 682 thought, 
附加记录：    

附加记录：    

 the Mad Doctor actor shouted from the rafter.

You really shouldn't have used the flammable acid.

682 proceeds to light a cigarette, and takes a heavy puff. It's so powerful that it fills the room with smoke, obscuring the Mad Doctor's vision. And the lighter is dropped. The room erupts in raucous flames, the heat causing the Mad Doctor to drop to one knee and stumble. When the Mad Doctor looks back up, 682 has joined him on the rafter, burnt but unhurt. 682 takes another long puff of his cigarette.

 682 asks, before rushing up to the Mad Doctor to mau-
附加记录：    

The director cut the back half of the 682 costume and the front half of the Mad Doctor costume, sewing them together into a not-very functional costume.

All of the crew had quietly walked away while the director was sewing, not wanting to participate in a project with no actors.

The director wiped some of his angry tears away and set the camera rolling, positioning himself on the platform to play both roles at once.

The Author wipes away a light tear of joy at his masterpiece.

This'll show all of those haters what kind of PAIN they put me through. I'm not an edgelord, I am a misunderstood artist, and they'll have to learn to love me!

A begrudged younger boy trudged into The Author's room.

 Morgan wiped his bleary eyes.

Morgan peered at the laptop screen in confusion, while The Author excitedly looked at Morgan's face for a reaction.

The Real Author examined his terminal screen.

Hmm, maybe let's put some more CSS in here so it looks better. Hopefully, the message is clear enough.

The Real Author reached out to grab his Mountain Dew. As he held it up to his mouth, the chicken grease on his fingers caused the Mountain Dew to slip, the contents of the soda spilling into his PC.

AUTHOR'S JOURNAL: 3/12/2019 

Dear Journal. Today I tried to write something, but I ended up not liking it that much. I think I will just delete it at some point soon.

It's like ugh I had a point somewhere in there but it just kept getting more and more meta and I just couldn't think of where to go from there. At some point, I just started insulting myself. It was weird.

I honestly could post it though. I'm pretty sure I could just call it an SCP and throw it on that website. They have low standards. Depends on how I feel in the morning.

Anyway, journal, I gotta get back to spending time with my loving partner and my seven adopted children who love me and love living in this mansion that I own and bought with my book royalties, so I'll be back after the daily feast we call dinner. I sure do love being a successful beloved author.

From the desk of,

SCP-PU1P-J DOES NOT EXIST
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A UNANIMOUS O5 DECISION HAS DETERMINED THAT SCP-PU1P-J IS NOT A REAL THING, AND NEVER HAS BEEN. THE O5 COUNCIL WOULD ALSO LIKE TO REMIND ALL RESEARCHERS THAT IN BYLAW 4823.7(a) IT IS STATED THAT . THIS IS NOT RELEVANT. SCP-PU1P-J DOES NOT EXIST, THAT WAS JUST A REMINDER. VISITORS TO SITE-75 ARE NOT TO ENTER THE PRIVATE O5 BREAK ROOM AS THERE IS A DANGEROUS ANOMALY THERE. IF YOU BELIEVE SCP-PU1P-J EXISTS, PLEASE CONSULT YOUR LOCAL AMNESTIC DISTRIBUTOR.

Footnotes
1. These have since been covered up for purposes of censorship.
2. Examples of , among others.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Mar 2019 01:39
            
            Edit
+45)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            indexhibit customisations
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Epitome City
                      
              Hero or Villain? You decide.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            projects.wikidot.com
                      
              Wikidot Projects Forum
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

