                        

SCP-2472, photographed upon recovery.

Item #:  SCP-2472

Object Class:  Safe1

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2472 is not to be kept in an otherwise active Containment Site due to its tendency to disrupt anomaly-sensing and security mechanisms active at said sites. SCP-2472 is currently contained in a Foundation auxiliary facility in Saint Simons Island, Georgia.

Description:  SCP-2472 is a metal air coupler, of the kind manufactured for coupling parts of air hoses in machinery, measuring 35mm in length. SCP-2472 can confidently be described as not anomalous, after extensive testing, with no unusual properties relating to its behavior, appearance, perception, interactions with other objects, or any other factors for which testing is prescribed by Revised Foundation Anomaly Standards, Vol XXIV (2009).2

Despite this, SCP-2472 consistently registers as an anomaly in automated tests designed to recognize extranormal objects. Introduction of SCP-2472 to Foundation Sites equipped with Scranton Reality Gauge Alarms uniformly results in the alarms sounding, despite SCP-2472 having no significant impact on local reality levels in over 25,000 measurements.

Analysis of SCP-2472 experimentation results displaying no anomalous behavior, by the Binah Pattern Recognition System in active use by the Foundation returns a result of:

99.9% anomaly certainty
Potentially Category Aleph Room (“Greatest Concern”) (75.4% ±5% confidence)
Potentially Keter (77.7% ±5% confidence)
Potentially uncontainable (26.3% ±5% confidence)

in addition to information about SCP-2472’s composition and physical properties verifiable by experimentation.

External verification of SCP-2472’s non-anomalous properties and behavior has occurred in double-blind testing with eight partner universities and institutions and three treaty partner extranormal organizations.

External verification of SCP-2472’s triggering of automated extranormal detection programs has occurred in double-blind testing with the following treaty partner extranormal organizations:

The Federal Bureau of Investigation Unusual Incidents Unit’s PatternSweep software, developed in coordination with the National Security Agency, classed SCP-2472 as POSITIVE.
The Global Occult Coalition mainframe, codenamed Distant Thunder, classed SCP-2472 as LTE–High Potential.
An independent anomaly-detection system under development by the government of Switzerland returned a rating of Leuthari I/Mederich, indicating a high certainty of anomaly.

The method by which anomaly identifying systems fail at correctly classifying SCP-2472 is currently under investigation.

Addendum:  SCP-2472 was discovered when a box containing air hose parts for pressure washers used in the cleaning of Site-48 was removed from an area fitted with automated Scranton Reality Gauge Alarms. Assistant Researcher Declan Hall, who removed the box containing SCP-2472 from the area, and other Site-48 staff were questioned, but no definitive timeline has been established for the introduction of SCP-2472 to the Foundation.

Potential revision of SCP-2472’s Object Class is currently in debate following the disappearance of Assistant Researcher Declan Hall on Jan 11, ████, with a note apparently referring to SCP-2472.3

Footnotes
1. Object Class currently under debate. See Addendum.
2. For extended logs of testing of SCP-2472, see: Evans, Nathaniel, “Thorough Records of Experimentation Regarding a Small Metal Air Coupler That Is Apparently Not Anomalous” Observer: An SCP Foundation Journal (2010): 641.
3. Excerpt: “If one can construct something plain that sets off every alarm, John, one can also construct something extraordinary that all of our best efforts can’t detect. It was, I want to make clear, lovely to work with you. But it’s time to be the one thing on this Earth no one has their eyes on. We’ll meet again.” The note was signed by Declan Hall and handwriting analysis confirms his authorship. A crude drawing of a flower, believed to be a water hyacinth, follows the note.

‡Citation

‡Citation

Cite this page as:

CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 

Filename:  coupler.jpg

Name:  Micro coupler MC-06PC 日東工器 マイクロカプラ

Author:  Laineema

License:  CC BY 2.0

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    

For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                unusual-incidents-unit
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Oct 2020 04:57
            
            Edit
+295)
Tags
Discuss (59)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Save Energy, Save Future
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            OzRadOnc
                      
              A collection of thoughts and notes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            www.schrijven.wikidot.com
                      
              Voor teksten, artikelen, verhalen en poëzie
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dyslexia Connection
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

