                        

One of the earliest documented descriptions of SCP-1173, published 1709.

Item #:  SCP-1173

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Knowledge of the  any unauthorized use of the operative phrase for SCP-1173 transmission outside of testing protocols is to result in termination and replacement.

While the current need to contain SCP-1173 is paramount, under no circumstances are Foundation personnel to directly engage in hostile action against individuals attempting to spread SCP-1173. Efforts to contain SCP-1173 should focus on discovering the nature of SCP-1173 and researching methods of eliminating SCP-1173, regardless of whatever actions may be required to accomplish this. However, all Foundation units are to refrain from attacking one another for any reason, including as a part of an attempt to contain SCP-1173.

Document 1173-A is to be deleted at earliest opportunity and all affected personnel treated. As per Protocol 1173-Omicron: Until such a time as the nature of SCP-1173 can be more definitively determined and anti-memetic measures can be carried out, direct conflict between affected personnel and standard Foundation personnel is to be avoided. Discussion of SCP-1173 in an unofficial capacity is strictly forbidden to avoid interpersonal conflict among Foundation personnel.

Description:  SCP-1173 is a memetic phenomenon centered around a delusional belief in a political entity, known as the Affected individuals will possess varying degrees of understanding or awareness of the history or culture of the IDAS, but interviews with individuals under the influence of SCP-1173 have isolated several key characteristics that the political entity is commonly described as possessing. Geographically, the IDAS appears to be a primarily Greek-speaking nation comprising a small mainland enclave on the Anatolian peninsula and a series of islands in the northeastern Aegean Sea. As the name would indicate, within the context of the delusion, a significant portion of the population practices Sunni Islam, with a limited number of Shi'a practitioners and a small group of Syriac Orthodox Christians, though the latter group has largely left the country due to religious conflict.

Individuals can become infected with SCP-1173 only by hearing an operant sentence spoken aloud in their presence by an infected individual; through research, the operant sentence has been determined to be  Individuals that have heard this sentence frequently express minor interest in the ensuing conversation, which invariably describes some sort of internecine military conflict, massacre, famine, drought, ethnic cleansing, or other atrocity occurring within the country.

Uninfected individuals have what Foundation researchers have termed a  meaning an obscure backwater of little importance.

The delusion of the existence of the IDAS is not directly harmful to most individuals. However, research into schizophrenia carried out by the Foundation for unrelated reasons generated a series of connections between SCP-1173 infection and certain previously unexplained psychological abnormalities. Specifically, a significant number (upwards of 800) of homeless or institutionalized individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia have been found to be infected with SCP-1173. Moreover, when interviewed as a part of psychological therapy, many of them described themselves as veterans of an American counterinsurgency force in the IDAS; individuals affected in this way frequently describe close encounters with children and pregnant mothers as suicide bombers, futile attacks by poorly-armed partisans ending in massacres, and war crimes committed by the occupying U.S. troops. Particularly lucid instances of these individuals make vague references to strained geopolitical relations with Russia, which feels threatened by the American incursion, and China, which is described as being engaged in large-scale combat with a heavily-armed Uyghur revolutionary army inspired by the Samothracian resistance.

Addendum 1173-1:  After the discovery of SCP-1173, a survey of Foundation personnel revealed extensive SCP-1173 infection at all levels of the chain of command. Attempts to establish and execute containment procedures were complicated due to efforts by other Foundation units to deliberately infect more individuals with SCP-1173. These conflicts developed into sporadic armed fights between Foundation units before Protocol 1173-Omicron was put into place, banning all unofficial communication between personnel regarding 1173 and agreeing to maintain the contemporary equilibrium between infected and uninfected individuals (estimated as groups of approximately equal size).

Addendum1173-2:

confirm:prsnc1173=n

If you're reading this, the computer has verified you to be uninfected through subtle tests of certain subconscious reactions you have had to keywords placed throughout this document. Congratulations, Researcher, you've been drafted. God help you.

The Omicron protocol was never intended to be permanent. Many of us tried to help our infected comrades, help to cure them, help them see the truth. Those of us that remained uninfected knew the idea of allowing Foundation personnel to remain under the influence of a dangerous memetic virus, completely unchecked, was madness. But a civil war between Foundation units was even more unthinkable, so we compromised.

Temporarily.

You are now part of a resistance movement, whether you like it or not; history has placed the responsibility on your shoulders. You cannot be told who is on your side and who isn't, and you will never know in most cases. You will not be contacted at any other time regarding this subject, and you will never be able to prove that you received this message in the first place.

The infected are all around us, every day; friends, loved ones, parents, even children. There is a way to counteract the infection, but it has its risks. You must procure a compound from Foundation Pharmacology known as  we cannot allow the last line in humanity's defense against the anomalous suffer at the hands of an anomaly.

This message approved by O5-2, O5-3, O5-6, O5-8, O5-10, and O5-13. 

This message not to be kept in official records. 

This message not to be copied or replicated. 
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Aug 2020 15:28
            
            Edit
+715)
Tags
Discuss (163)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AQ3D
                      
              AdventureQuest 3D Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Games for Music
                      
              Music Game Archive  Community for Musicians of All Levels
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Zombie Cafe Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Balchipedia
                      
              The Encyclopedia of Balch History
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

