                        

Item #:  SCP-1991

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1991 is to be stored in a 5x5x5 meter containment chamber within Site 19's biological specimens wing. Due to the specimen's behavior, a locked door is considered to be all that is required to prevent escape. SCP-1991 is to be fed three kilograms (3kg) of cooked and pulped beef daily. Water is to be provided via a trough which is to be kept refilled constantly. Containment cell is to be cleaned weekly by Class-D personnel.

Description:  SCP-1991 is a two (2) meter-long quadruped mammalian creature of unknown species, enhanced by the implantation of cybernetic compounds. Both implanted compounds and creature show signs of damage consistent with extreme age, poorly-healed puncture wounds, bullets of assorted calibers embedded underneath the skin, burns comparable to those produced by industrial cutting lasers, and starvation. SCP-1991 appears to have suffered psychological damage as a result of physical abuse or trauma, displaying extreme fear of loud noises, rapid movements, and aggression or seeming aggression by personnel.

SCP-1991's body core is roughly humanoid, with elongated limbs of equal length. All limbs end in  similar to those of a large primate, apart from the presence of elongated claws. The head resembles a mummified canine skull with elongated incisor teeth. Skin resembles decayed leather with matted fur growing from it, primarily around the ankles and back of the neck. SCP-1991 lacks a tail. When recovered, SCP-1991 displayed traits of starvation, including enlarged gut and emaciated limbs. Proper feeding while in containment has been shown to cure said traits.

Cybernetics consist of a mechanical  consists of a pair of miniature mechanical clamps and an extending, rotary metal rod similar to the triggering equipment of remotely-operated firearms. It is assumed that the clamps were intended to serve as the mounting system for such a weapon.

+SCP-1991Logs

-CloseLogs

Behavioral Test Log 1991 - 1 

Tests of SCP-1991 behavior in regards to positive stimuli.

Supervisor:  Dr. ████████

Stimulus:  Dr. ████████ saying  in a normal and calm voice.

Effect upon subject:  SCP-1991 having huddled in the furthest corner of the containment chamber upon Dr. ████████'s entry emerged and hesitantly licked Dr. ████████'s outstretched hand.

Supervisor:  Dr. ████████

Stimulus:  SCP-1991  on the top of the head by Dr. ████████.

Effect upon subject:  SCP-1991 emitted gurgling noise assumed to be a sign of pleasure.

Supervisor:  Dr. ████████

Stimulus:  SCP-1991 given common canine chew toy shaped like a teddy bear.

Effect upon subject:  SCP-1991 prodded toy with forepaw, causing it to squeak. SCP-1991 proceeded to emit whimpering noise and huddle against the furthest wall of the containment chamber until chew toy was removed.
附加记录：    

End Log 

Behavioral Test Log 1991 - 2 

Tests of SCP-1991 behavior in regards to negative stimuli.

Supervisor:  Agent ███

Stimulus:  Agent ███ saying  in a raised and aggressive voice.

Effect upon subject:  SCP-1991 proceeded to rapidly move to the furthest edge of the chamber from Agent ███ and attempted to curl into a ball.

Supervisor:  Agent ███

Stimulus:  Agent ███ clapping hands in front of SCP-1991.

Effect upon subject:  SCP-1991 whimpered, and attempted to cover head with forepaws.

Supervisor:  Agent ███

Stimulus:  Gunshot from starter pistol into the air outside containment chamber.

Effect upon subject:  SCP-1991 urinated on floor of containment chamber and huddled twitching on the opposite side of chamber from the door until ending of the test.
附加记录：    

End Log 

History:  SCP-1991 was recovered by Foundation agents in ██/██/19██ following reports of a  scavenging from dumpsters in [DATA EXPUNGED], a small town in ██████. Cover story regarding vagrants planted.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Oct 2019 21:38
            
            Edit
+109)
Tags
Discuss (56)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Twilights Failing
                      
              A World of Darkness Encyclopedia for Modern Nights
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ΔΗΜΟΣΙΑ ΚΕΝΤΡΙΚΗ ΒΙΒΛΙΟΘΗΚΗ ΛΕΒΑΔΕΙΑΣ
                      
              Levadia Library
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Connors Campaigns
                      
              My dashboard for RPGs, Music, Sports, and more.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Paradox Haze
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

