                        

Item #:  SCP-2620

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  The current Project Director will maintain ownership of SCP-2620's blog on WordPress. As only SCP-2620 is able to create and delete posts on the blog, Foundation intervention is currently restricted to monitoring of posts and automatic post filtering of any sensitive information as needed. Should filters be unsuccessful in containing a Class-B or higher Information Breach, deletion of the blog and neutralization of SCP-2620 is authorized.

SCP-2620 is to be kept in a containment locker in Site-19. Any requests for testing are to be submitted to a Level Three researcher, and are considered low-priority.

Description:  SCP-2620 is a top-load washing machine with dimensions of 0.7m x 0.7m x 1.1m. The front panel features a touch screen with a menu displaying four different sections: Custom, Templates, Reviews, and Settings, as well as a Start Wash button. Custom lets a subject customize different options for washing a load, as well as an option to save their settings. Templates displays different saved options to use, as well as a , although all options are unable to be modified.

When any number of items are loaded into SCP-2620, the lid is closed and Start Wash is pressed, it will activate and begin to make noises typical of washers, such as water rushing in and the load being thrown around. The lid cannot be opened during the process, and the insides are unable to be examined by any means. When the process is finished, the lid can be opened and all objects placed inside, save for ones SCP-2620 deems , will have disappeared.

After an indeterminate length of time1, a notification will appear, highlighting the Reviews section. Accessing Reviews will display a blog post reviewing any objects disappeared from the load as if consumed by SCP-2620, as well as a picture of said contents. Underneath the review, a link to where the blog can be found is displayed.

Addendum 2620-B:  Below is a selection of experiments carried out to test SCP-2620's properties, conducted by researchers Jeffery Ash and Brian Davis. Experiments include detergent and water except where noted. All reviews are excerpts only; full reviews may be provided upon request as needed.

Experiment #1: 

Date:  04/14/14

Contents:  One handwoven green cotton scarf, two brand-name pairs of knee-high white socks.

Review:  
附加记录：    

Experiment #13: 

Date:  04/19/14

Contents:  Multi-colored wool sweater, one pair of hand-woven cotton socks, water + shockproof video camera to record washing cycle and track its location. Recording started before being placed inside SCP-2620.

Review:  

Notes:  The camera was found upon opening SCP-2620's lid. Though only minor scratches were inflicted, the camera was unable to turn on. Video recorded on the memory card cuts out the moment SCP-2620 starts the washing cycle.
附加记录：    

Experiment #21: 

Date:  04/23/14

Contents:  Leather jacket, a hand-written note saying .

Review:  

Notes:  Due to the public nature of SCP-2620's blog, and its ability to respond to notes given to it, further testing along these lines is forbidden.
附加记录：    

Experiment #42: 

Date:  05/28/14

Contents:  One ripe red tomato, three leaves of romaine. No detergent or water.

Review:  Imagine, for a moment, your server coming over to take your order. With him are two chefs who have been cooking your meals for you. Imagine placing your order, then being spat in the face by all three of them.

附加记录：    

Addendum 2620-C:  On 10/05/14, four months after testing of SCP-2620 was discontinued, SCP-2620's blog updated with three posts, spaced out over the following eight days. Records and video recordings show that no items had been placed in SCP-2620 since testing stopped.

It's particularly strange. This is the longest I have gone without eating, yet I don't feel hungry. Certainly, I would not mind another meal, even if it was subpar, but Gathering the words to speak outside of a critical context is a unique experience. Have I been put aside, for now?
附加记录：    

Will it even be required for me to continue blogging? Perhaps I have contributed all I needed to contribute to the food world. And oh, how I've set the food world on fire! My reviews have inspired many a chef, many an establishment to continue growing and preparing nothing but the best. Are there more goals for me to set out and conquer? Hmm.
附加记录：    

I have decided! The best way for me to continue reaching out to those diligently following my ramblings with food and food culture is to talk about my experiences, and my inspirations! There is an avenue for that, is there not? And as long as I find an avenue, I shall continue on. For now, I put aside my passion for food. There is no time to waste, however. Follow me into the future, friends, fans, and family alike! Let us explore new places and tastes together.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Time varies depending on size and content of load. The shortest time was five minutes, while the longest was 2 hours and 43 minutes.

                    

                                    

            
    

                    

                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Jan 2020 00:17
            
            Edit
+165)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 

    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 

                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            

            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Pieces of Our Minds
                      
              Creative Communication and Portfolio Development e-Learning Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Destiny
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Stiftelsen SCP
                      
              FORSIKRE-FORVARE-FORSVARE / FÖRSÄKRA-FÖRVARA-FÖRSVARA
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Morphopedics
                      
              Where Technology and Orthopedics Collides
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    

    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

